Song Name: How U Feel (feat. Joey Bada$$)
'Cause what is life when you don't even wanna live?
How you feel?
How you feel? (How you feel?)
(Uh, yeah)
I'm so lonely 'cause what is life if I don't wanna live? (Woo)
Can you grab the Glock and shoot me in the head real quick?
My enemies, they laughin' at me like, "What the fuck, kid?"
People lookin' up to me, sayin', "Oh my God, he a bitch" (bitch)
Never gave a fuck about it 'cause I'm high as shit
And I ain't talkin' 'bout as drunk as my soul in the sky and shit (fuck)
It's too late to come down, I fuckin' regret this shit
I'm so selfish, I can't even give that bitch my dick
'Cause what is life if he don't even wanna live? (Woo)
See my name up on a shirt, I hope he, "Rest in peace" (go, go)
Man, how you feel? Can you keep it real? Roses in my grill
Flowers in the field, even in the grave
'Cause that's where I'ma chill, ain't nothing for a lowlife, still
Heart broke and my own love kills
(Badmon, king)
(Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo)
Uh, dying to live, you're living to die
I knew a couple real niggas that didn't survive
'Cause fake niggas still alive, and living a lie
Hidden in disguise, think it harder just to recognize (yuh)
Maybe the reason why Jesus got crucified
They screw you over right after they get you scrutinized
Well bitch, I'm self made, fuck being supervised
Like fuck, I look like, listening to some suits and ties? (Nigga)
Born alone, so we die alone
You niggas rather see me gone, so I ride with chrome (bah-bah)
I got God on my phone like I ain't staying long (brrr)
Devil on my back making sure that I make it home
I'm tryna carry on tradition, they ain't tryna listen
Ain't a prescription strong enough for my mental condition
Kamikaze visions, I've been having premonitions
Why kill yourself, when you can kill the competition?
What is life if he don't even wanna live? (Woo)
See my name up on a shirt, I hope he, "Rest in peace" (go, go)
Man, how you feel? Can you keep it real? Roses in my grill
Flowers in the field, even in the grave
'Cause that's where I'ma chill, ain't nothing for a lowlife, still
Heart broke and my own love kills

