Song Name: We Cry Together
Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh
Oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh, oh
Hold, hold onto each other
Hold, hold onto each other
(This is what the world sounds like)
Nah, fuck you, nigga
You got me fucked up
Fuck you, fuck you
I swear, I'm tired of these emotional ass, ungrateful ass bitches (shut the fuck up)
Unstable ass, confrontational ass dumb bitches
You wanna bring a nigga down even when I'm tryna do right
We could go our separate ways right now
You could move on with your life, I swear to God
Fuck you nigga, you love a pity party, I won't show up
Always act like your shit don't stink, motherfucker, grow up
Forever late for shit, won't buy shit, sit around and deny shit (man)
Fuck around on a side bitch, then come fuckin' up my shit
What? Fuckin' up yo' shit? You must be bleedin' and more shit
Bitch, I don't know shit, fuck yo' feelings (you some on hoe shit)
See, I don't know why you like playin' mind games with me (mind games?)
Bitch, I ain't slow nor ditsy, I know when you bein' distant
I know when you fake busy
Get out yo' feelings and miss me with that reverse psychology
Man, bitch, you trippin', who got you that Rollie chain?
And who put that car in my name?
What? You think I'ma kiss yo' ass? (Nah, nigga, you fuckin' lame)
You know what? Fuck you, bitch (fuck you, nigga)
Nah, fuck you, bitch (nah, fuck you, nigga)
Fuck you, bitch (nah, fuck you, nigga)
Nah, fuck you, bitch (fuck you, nigga)
Fuck you, bitch (fuck you, nigga)
Fuck you (fuck you), fuck you (fuck you), fuck you (fuck you)
Fuck you, nigga
Fuck you, bitch (nah, fuck you)
Wastin' my time and energy tryna be good to you
Lost friends, family, gained more enemies 'cause of you
Bitches starin' at me in Zara, hoes scratchin' my cars up
Shoulda followed my mind in '09 and just moved to Georgia
Oh, what, that's my fault now?
Bitch, you power trippin' or guilt trippin'? I held yo' ass down
You just kept me down, that's a big difference
Stressin' myself tryna figure why I'm not good enough
Goin' to church, prayin' for you, searchin' for good in us
Lil' dick ass nigga that's tryna go big
But you was suckin' this dick though
Well, shit, I shoulda sucked his (what you say?)
I shoulda found a bigger dick (bitch, get the fuck out my face)
Oh, what, you mad?
Shut up, bitch, you got me fucked up today, on God
Ah-ha, you mad, lil' feelings is shot
Go text that raggedy bitch and tell her all that she got
Let her know you packin' yo' shit and gotta move by the first
(Man, give me these fuckin' keys) give me my keys, I'ma be late for work
Fuck yo' job, today gon' be the day you walk to that bitch
(Give me my fuckin' keys) nah, I liked you parked in that bitch
(Give me my keys, bro) on God, you ain't gettin' these keys
Give me my fucking keys (ah, now you mad at me)
I got you hollerin' for nothing (I do the same when we fuckin')
Act like that pussy ain't loose (I'd rather act like I'm cummin')
I'd rather fuck off the juice (I'd rather fuck on your cousin)
Bitch, you said you gon' fuck who?
You heard me, nigga, it's nothing
You know what? Fuck you, bitch (fuck you, nigga)
Fuck you bitch (no, fuck you nigga)
No, fuck you bitch (no, fuck you, nigga)
Fuck you, bitch (fuck you), fuck you bitch (fuck that nigga)
Fuck you (fuck you), fuck you (fuck you), fuck you (fuck you)
Fuck you, bi-, fuck you bitch, stupid ass bitch
I'on't even know why I fuck with you
I'll be damned if I'm stuck with you
Changed my number, I'm duckin 'you, bitch
Bitch, whatever is comfortable
This the type of shit couples do
Shoulda thought about cuffin' you, bitch
Nigga, you dirty and you broke
Hoe, you goofy and gullible, fuck you talkin' 'bout?
Mmh, the insecurities you got won't mind-fuck me
Womanizer, got no affection from yo' momma, I see
Don't speak on my momma, the fuck is yo' problem?
That bitch don't like me, anyways
Bitch, she gave you a Honda
And used that shit to throw it in my face (man, hol' on, bro)
Find it funny you just can't apologize (bitch, dawg)
Egotistic, narcissistic, love your own lies (bro)
See, you the reason why strong women fucked up
Why they say it's a man's world
See, you the reason for Trump (I'm crying, bro)
You the reason we overlooked, underpaid, underbooked, under shame
If you look, I don't speak, then I'm called out my name
I am flawed, I am pained, never yours I remained (come on, bro)
You the reason bitches start fuckin' with bitches when they change
You the reason bitches start callin' y'all bitches 'cause y'all useless
You the reason Harvey Weinstein had to see his conclusion
You the reason R. Kelly can't recognize that he's abusive
Man, shut the fuck up, we all know you still playin' his music
Said I'm tired of emotional ass, ungrateful ass bitches
Fake innocent, fake feminist, stop pretendin'
Y'all sentiments ain't realer than what you defendin' (here he go)
It's a spilt decision (shut the fuck up)
Broads like you and real victims (look at you, look at you)
Let's talk the truth (okay), women in general just get along (explain, nigga)
Hmm, when Tash got a man, you didn't pick up the phone (explain, nigga)
When Nate got a job, you said you stayin' home (explain)
Why R&B bitches don't feature on each other songs?
What the fuck is you talkin' 'bout?
Never mind, bitch, I'm walkin' out
Whatever, nigga, I'm off you now
Yo' evil ass kept me well in doubt
Pussy nigga, best watch your mouth
Pussy and mouth is all you got
Lay this pussy back on the couch
Doggie style, then you get on top
Fuck me, nigga (I'ma fuck you, bitch)
Nah, fuck me, nigga, fuck me (I'ma fuck you, bitch)
Nah, fuck you, fuck me (you playin' man)
Fuck me (nah, you playin')
Stop tap-dancin' around the conversation

