Song Name: Mr. Morale
It was one of the worst performances I've seen in my life
I couldn't sleep last night because I felt this shit-
Ooh, ah, ooh, ah
Ooh, ah, ah, ooh, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yew
Enoch, your father's just detoxed, my calling is right on time
Transformation, I must had a thousand lives
And like three thousand wives
You should know that I'm slightly off
Fighting off demons that been outside
Better known as myself, I'm a demigod
Every thought is creative, sometimes I'm afraid of my open mind
Shit on my mind, and it's heavy
Tear you in pieces 'cause it's way too heavy
My diamonds, the choker is heavy
More life to give on demand, are you ready?
Who keep 'em honest like us?
Who in alignment like us?
Who gotta heal 'em all? Us (us)
When there's no one to call
Don't need no conversation
It ain't about the business, shut the door now
Bitch, it's a celebration
And if this shit ain't bussin', what's it for now?
Steppin' out when the weight lifts (ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da)
Floatin' on 'em (float, float, ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da)
Floatin' on 'em (float, float, ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da)
Floatin' on 'em (float, ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da)
Steppin' out when the weight lifts (ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da)
Floatin' on 'em (float, float, ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da)
Floatin' on 'em (float, float, ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da)
Floatin' on 'em (float, float, ooh-ooh-ooh, da-da)
Uzi, your father's in deep meditation
My spirit's awake and my brain is asleep
I got a new temperature
Sharpenin' multiple swords in the faith I believe
I think about Robert Kelly
If he weren't molested, I wonder if life'll fail him
I wonder if Oprah found closure
The way that she postered the hurt that a woman carries
My mother abused young
Like all of them others back where we from
SSI bury family members
At the repass, they servin' Popeyes chicken
What you know about black trauma?
Half in this, kickin' back is another genre
Tyler Perry, the face of a thousand rappers
Using violence to cover what really happen
I know somebody's listenin'
Past life regressions to know my conditions
It's based off experience
Comma for comma, my habits insensitive
Watchin' my cousin struggle with addiction
Then watchin' her firstborn make a million
And both of them off the grid for forgiveness
I'm sacrificin' myself to start the healin'
Shit on my mind and it's heavy
Tear you in pieces 'cause it's way too heavy
My diamonds, the choker is heavy
More life to give on demand, are you ready
Who keep 'em honest like us?
Who in alignment like us?
Who gotta heal 'em all? Us (us)
When there's no one to call us (us)
Say, hydrate, it's time to heal
Safe, you're frustrated, I can feel
Huddle up, tie the flag, call the troops, holler back
Huddle up, tie the flag, call the troops, holler back (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
People get taken over by this pain-body
Because this energy field that almost has a life of its own
It needs to periodically feed on more unhappiness

