Song Name: N95
Hello, new world
All the boys and girls
I got some true stories to tell
You're back outside
But they still lied
Whoa-oh-oh-oh (yeah)
Take off the foo-foo, take off the clout chase, take off the Wi-Fi
Take off the money phone, take off the car loan, take off the flex and the white lies
Take off the weird ass jewelry, I'ma take ten steps, then I'm takin' off top five
Take off them fabricated streams and them microwave memes, it's a real world outside (take that shit off)
Take off your idols, take off the runway, I take off to Cairo (take that shit off)
Take off to Saint-Tropez, five-day stay, take a quarter mill', hell, if I know (take that shit off)
Take off the front flag, take off perception, take off the cop with the eye patch (take that shit off)
Take off the unloyal, take off the unsure, take off decisions I lack (take it off)
Take off the fake deep, take off the fake woke, take off the, "I'm broke, I care" (take it off)
Take off the gossip, take off the new logic that if I'm rich, I'm rare (take it off)
Take off the Chanel, take off the Dolce, take off the Birkin bag (take it off)
Take all that designer bullshit off, and what do you have?
Bitch, huh-huh
Ugh, you ugly as fuck (you outta pocket)
Huh, two ATMs, you steppin' or what? (You outta pocket)
Huh, who you think they talk about? Talk about us (shoot, shoot, shoot, you out of pocket)
Who you think they copy off? Copy off us (get back in pocket)
The world in a panic, the women is stranded, the men on a run
The prophets abandoned, the law take advantage, the market is crashin', the industry wants
Niggas and bitches to sleep in a box while they makin' a mockery followin' us
This ain't Monopoly, watchin' for love
This ain't monogamy, y'all gettin' fucked
Jumping on, "What the hell is that?" I gotta relax when I feel (huh, facts)
All my decendents, they come in my sleep and say I am too real (huh, facts)
I'm done with the sensitive, takin' it personal
Done with the black and the white, the wrong and the right
You hopin' for change and clericals, I know the feelings that came with burial's cries
Bitch, huh-huh
Ugh, you ugly as fuck (you outta pocket)
Huh, two ATMs, you steppin' or what? (You outta pocket)
Huh, who you think they talk about? Talk about us (shoot, shoot, shoot, you out of pocket)
Who you think they copy off? Copy off us (get back in pocket)
Servin' up a look, dancin' in the drought
Hello to the big stepper, never losin' count
Ventin' in the safe house, ventin' in the sa-
Can I vent all my truth? I got nothin' to lose
I got problems and pools, I can swim in my faith
Camera's movin' whenever I'm movin'
The family suin' whatever I make
Murder is stackin', the president actin'
The government taxin' my funds in a bank
Homies attractin' the feds when I'm brackin'
Look at my reaction, my pupils on skates (hol' up, hol' up)
Let's think about this for a second (let's go)
Tell me what you would do for aesthetic (let's go)
Would you sell your soul on credit? (Let's go)
Would you sell your bro for leverage? (Let's go)
Where the hypocrites at?
What community feel they the only ones relevant? (Go)
Where the hypocrites at?
What community feel they the only ones relevant? (Go, huh-huh-huh)
You outta pocket, yeah, you outta pocket (this shit hard)
You entertain the mediocre, need to stop it (this shit hard)
You entertainin' old friends when they toxic (this shit hard)
What's your life like? Bullshit and gossip (this shit hard)
What the fuck is cancel culture, dawg?
Say what I want about you niggas, I'm like Oprah, dawg
I treat you crackers like I'm Jigga, watch, I own it all
Oh, you worried 'bout a critic? That ain't protocol (bitch)

