Song Name: Savior
Kendrick made you think about it, but he is not your savior
Cole made you feel empower, but he is not your savior
Future said, "Get a money counter," but he is not your savior
'Bron made you give his flowers, but he is not your savior
He is not your savior
Mr. Morale, give me high-five, two times
Center co-defendant judging my life
Back peddler, what they say? You do the cha-cha
I'ma stand on it, 6'5", from 5'5"
Fun fact, I ain't taking shit back
Like it when they pro-black, but I'm more Kodak Black
Tell me where the money at, ayy, where the homies at?
Universal callout, I can members only that, ayy
Si-si, wait a minute
Ven aquí (ven aquí), c'est la vie (c'est la vie)
I tell the whole truth from A to Z, ayy
Show me you real, show me that you bleed, ayy
Hello? Crackers? (Let me hear that back)
I seen niggas arguing about who's blacker
Even blacked out screens and called it solidarity
Meditating in silence, made you wanna tell on me
Bitch, are you happy for me?
Really, are you happy for me?
Smile on my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah
I'm out the way, are you happy for me?
Bitch, are you happy for me?
Really, are you happy for me?
Smile on my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah
I'm out the way, are you happy for me? (High up)
Bite they tongues in rap lyrics
Scared to be crucified about a song but they won't admit it
Politically correct is how you keep an opinion
Niggas is tight lipped, fuck who dare to be different
Seen a Christian say the vaccine mark of the beast
Then he caught COVID and prayed the Pfizer for relief
Then I caught COVID and started to question Kyrie
Will I stay organic or hurt in this bed for two weeks? (You really wanna know?)
Do you want peace? (How I get so low?)
Then watch us in the streets (only one way to go)
One protest for you (high up)
365 for me (you really wanna know?)
Vladimir making nightmares (how I get so low?)
But that's how we all think (only one way to go)
The collective conscious (high up)
Calamities on repeat, huh
Bitch, are you happy for me?
Really, are you happy for me?
Smile on my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah
I'm out the way, are you happy for me?
Bitch, are you happy for me?
Really, are you happy for me?
Smile on my face, but are you happy for me? Yeah
I'm out the way, are you happy for me?
Truth, it resides in the fire
The need of it's dire
Deceiving the lies, I know
Truth, it resides in the fire
The need of it's dire
Deceiving the lies, I know
The cat is out the bag, I am not your savior
I find it just as difficult to love thy neighbors
Especially when people got ambiguous favors
But they hearts not in it, see, everything's for the paper
The struggle for the right side of history
Independent thought is like an eternal enemy
Capitalist posing as compassionates be offending me
Yeah, suck my dick, with authenticity
Yeah, Tupac dead, gotta think for yourself
Yeah, hero's looking for the villains to help
I never been sophisticated, same face
Being manipulative such a required taste
I rubbed elbows with people that was for the people
They all greedy, I don't care for no public speaking
And they like to wonder where I've been
Protecting my soul in the valley of silence

