Song Name: HOT WIND BLOWS (feat. Lil Wayne)
Ladies and gentlemen
We just landed in Geneva
Yeah, that's in Switzerland
We on a yacht
A young lady just fed me French vanilla ice cream
We all got our toes out, too
Call me when you get lost
I'ma travel the globe, you keep the block hot.
Driver, open the door for me, my hand hurts.
Find us. We playing hide and seek with the passports.
Where the fuck we at? Oh, the pilot gotta remind us. Yeah,
The luggage is piling, I needed clothes to wear.
So many stinkies sit in my wallet, look like a folding chair.
The Cartier so light on my body, they thought I floated here,
We boated here. It's Tunechi and Tyler, but call me Baudelaire, yeah.
Out in Switzerland, travel with my bitch again. We kissin', dawg,
I love when she lets me rubber like Michelin.
100 grand to sleep on the bird. The wings are whistlin' like...
Man, they ain't listening.
We crossed the line like immigrants and benefit from it.
Keep on stunting on these niggas,
Make 'em sick to their stomach. Man
Y'all don't understand. Fish so fresh you could taste the sand.
Yeah, we getting lost, but we know who we am.
Bada-bada-bada something-something-something.
Treat that last part like you niggas ain't saying nothing!
Yeah, haha
You see these excursions right here?
Just too lavish to post on the 'Gram (Gangsta Grillz)
Uh (Tunechi)
Excuse me, pardon me, the wind, it blow so hard at me.
Like mother nature arguing about some baby father beefin'.
I'm stuck in the middle of the sandwich like slaughter meat.
Got my middle fingers to the cameras that's recording me,
From y'all to me. Brrt, stop callin' me unless you're ordering.
I'm on the beach, I got my feet out, and I stay on my feet.
The corner beat, I'm on a deep route, just throw the ball to me.
Thought all this lean would have me senile, I guess they see now.
Let's touch down, catch a beat down, like I catch touchdowns.
I fuck 'round, and slow the beat down, and take the drums out,
And speed up my flow. I'm so greedy, I'ma eat my own flow.
And I'm in need of a flow, may eat me a rapper, I might as well eat me a hoe.
I'm hot as hell when the weather is freezin', and cold
As the devil, and demon, and ghost.
I'ma get even and even get even some more.
It's too late to even get low. Bow!
Wolf Gang, Wolf Gang, that's what I need you to know.
Mula, Weezy, the GOAT.
The wind beneath my wings, Desert Eagle underneath my coat.
Yeah! Mula! Bitch
(Hot wind)
(All aboard, nigga)
You see
We just over here admirin' the view of the mountains from the lake
Of course
Y'all know it's Wolf Haley, man, stop fuckin' playin'

