Song Name: No More Parties in LA
Popped a pill, now it feel right
You know how to make it feel right, yeah
LAX for the flight
California dreamin' for the night, yeah
She's 'bout to party in L.A.
She's got the molly in her drink
She can hardly hear me when I say
"Please, no more parties in L.A.", yeah
She gon' have this shit her way
Always at the party, that's the play
Wonder if she hear me when I say
"Please, no more parties in L.A."
Cash drippin' out the Range truck
Got some change and then you changed up
Talkin' to me like you can't be fucked with
You fucked me once, you still the same fuck
You be running 'round the city wildin'
Shit be goin' down, don't care to hide it
Got me running 'round the city toxic
(I hope you don't notice me)
Me in V.I.P. got me wildin'
Phone on DND, don't fuck the vibe up
Party TNT, there's no survivors
She done lots of tea, got no attire
She came in for molly, X and Oxy'
But she wants to top me hella sloppy
Pussy fire as hot than the tropic
She don't get acknowledged when she top me off
Never acknowledge fuck shit a fake
Faded top, I wouldn't boss up, great
All that talking shit is for the jakes
In L.A. it's drugs to the face
She done took a couple to the face
How much more drugs do it take
To never hit another party out in L.A.
I know you don't wanna do L.A. no more
I know you don't wanna do L.A. no more
I know you don't wanna do L.A. no more
I know you don't wanna do L.A. no more

I know you don't wanna do L.A. no more
Yeah, bass
Pretty bad bitch with the face
Shawty, right there, I need a case
Case of the 'Migo, case of the '42
Shawty, right there, I need the Ace
Wild out time when you like that, uh
Sex too good just to type that
I don't condone doin' no pills
But you do it with a thrill every time that you bite back
Cali, the valley, the scores in Italy
The pure lookin' hoes still fuck like hoes in the alley
I take 'em to the function and send 'em to the bros for the alley
I'm gettin' down in the bathroom, someone knock, knock at the door
Nigga, stop cockblockin'
We in Beverly Hills, somebody party
I'm fuckin' me a white bitch at the hot topic
One thing that a young nigga know, is these bitches they come, they go
Monday through Sunday, Friday, Friday through Sunday, yo
She tellin' me she want some of my pocket
I must be lookin' like I'm one day old
The bitch said she would never give a threesome
I told you, I'll get it one day, hoe
I know you don't wanna do L.A. no more
I know you don't wanna do L.A. no more

I know you don't wanna do L.A. no more
I know you don't wanna do L.A. no more
I know you don't wanna do L.A. no more

