Song Name: cocoa (with Don Toliver)
Sit down and drink some champagne with me and let me rap
I'm balling with my friends
Staring at the money in a trance
Lil' baby, can I be your mans?
I might have to buy her OnlyFans
Huh? She gave me pussy as just friends
I feel like nothing but a middleman
I'm done, baby, I can't be your friend
You might give the pussy to my mans
Huh? Ugh, you toxic
Ah-ha-ha-ha, you toxic
You wanna stay? Don't stay late
Do you not like your house? Hate your place?
Vroom, vroom, vroom, vroom
Spent half a mil' on Grandma house and then I zoomed
Got way more money than my peers, you would assume
In competition with myself, I cannot lose
What we gon' eat?
I don't do Nobu, baby, that's him, not me
We fuck, wakе up, you go, we go too
London, we up, the top floor, еating soul food
I don't wanna eat nothing else
It's new, I wanna see your room
It's new, I wanna fix your rules
It's new, bitch, I'ma, hah, ooh
I'm balling with my friends, hee-hee
Staring at the money in a trance, hee-hee
Lil' baby, can I be your mans? Hee-hee
I might have to buy her OnlyFans, hee-hee
Huh? She gave me pussy as just friends
I feel like nothing but a middleman
I'm done, baby, I can't be your friend
You might give the pussy to my mans
I love to spend it, she copping levitators
I took her out to eat, I took her out to Denny's
She always call me plenty, drunky-drunky off the Remy (uh-huh)
Sometimes no callback and Donnie tooked off on the Henny
I'm touching down in your city just to get it litty (uh-huh)
Better check the bar, when we in the strip, we throwing 50 (go, yeah)
Do not be the Ghost, you can't get too close (nah)
Shawty be doing the most, one hand better ride that roll
Xannies got me going down, put me in my mode
I just ate lil' baby up, shawty taste like cocoa
Ten feet, down deep, then I'm hearing gone (cocoa)
Got the beater out the cheeks, you couldn't keep her home
Niggas pull up to the function, whip, I leave it on (pull up)
I leave it on, I told you that I pack a punch
I'm balling with my friends
Staring at the money in a trance
Lil' baby, can I be your mans?
I might have to buy her OnlyFans
Huh? She gave me pussy as just friends
I feel like nothing but a middleman
I'm done, baby, I can't be your friend
You might give the pussy to my mans
Two freaks in the club but they attitude trashy
She don't fuck with broke boys, so the opps down bad
Baby Keem in the cut, she know that's a hefty tag, huh
I just put the whole 702 on my bag
You ain't coming with us, please don't you ask
I might throw a hundred ones, please don't be mad
Tit-for-tat, going back and forth is not my passion
Took a trip to Paris to post another caption
It's too much liquor, I get it, huh
Steakhouse, taking out, 800-dollar dinners, huh
Baby, go ahead and grab that t-t-t-t-t-t-t
Bruises on your knees, while I'm drinking tea
She getting teed, I hate when you tease
Don't try to hide your ass, we'll tag a picture on your back, huh
If that pussy good, there's a chance I'll get attached

