Song Name: Bitch Please
Yeah
Time to bring your ass to the table y'all
It's X to the Z, Xzibit, yeah
Snoop double G, uh, OG (Westcoast, Los Angeles)
What? Bringing it live, Dr. Dre, what?
Throwin' up a big ass W coverin' up the world, right
Yeah, ha, listen, look
You ain't try to hot box with me
I swing hard liquor, goin' down by the second round
All hail the underground, how that sound?
Xzibit backin' down from a conflict
Fuck the nonsense, terrorist, here to bomb shit
Glass and metal in every direction
Innocent bystanders taught a very hard lesson
I'm the reason there's no time to reach for that weapon
And reason why niggas with problems keep on steppin'
Xzibit ready to scrap like Mike Tyson with his license back
9 to 5, minimum wage, what type of life is that?
For me? It's blasphemy
You fuckin' 'round with the Sundance Kid and Butch Cassidy
You had the audacity to wanna tangle with the X
Strangle your neck, slap you like the opposite sex
Drunk drivin', tryna stack my loot
While other rappers gettin' treated like a prostitute
So check the SoundScan
All I wanna be was a G, ha!
My whole life, nigga please, ha!
Breakin' off these motherfuckin' keys, ha!
Let's get these motherfuckin' G's, ha!
Nigga, you don't wanna fuck with this
Hmm, oh no, big Snoop Dogg
Back up in the heezy, baby
You jockin' my style? You so crazy
Dre say, ain't no limit to this
As long as we drop gangsta shit
Look here bitch, you fine and I dig your style
Come fuck with a nigga and do it doggy style
I'll be gentle, sentimental
Shit, we fucked in a rental
Lincoln Continental
Hm, coast-to-coast, L.A. to Chicago
I get the pussy everywhere that I go
Ask the bitches in your hood 'cause they know
I get the pussy everywhere that I go
Ask the bitches in your hood 'cause they know
Bitch, please
Get down on your goddamn knees
For this money, chronic, clothes and weed
Look, you fuckin' with some real O.G's, bitch, please
Bitch, please
Get down on your motherfuckin' knees
We came to get the motherfuckin' cheese
Yeah, you fuckin' with some real O.G's, you dick-tease
Bitch, please
Now what you need to do is
Hem my coat, and roll me some dope (for real)
Different strokes (uh-huh) for different folks
Oh, you like settin' niggas up and gettin' them locs?
Oh, cute little bitch with a whole lotta heart
Shit get thick when the light get dark
She say she got a lick for me (well, hook it up)
Worth about 200 G's and 30 ki's!
Now check this out, Dre
Now, if I don't move
Then a nigga like me, shit I don't lose
But you know me, Dogg I'm movin'
Ain't nothin' to it, but to get the groovin'
You've been waitin' on a nigga like me (what's happenin'?)
To take that chance and rob your man and beat up the pussy
A victim of the circumstance
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
See we go out with a bang (bang, bang)
I'm tryin' to work this cold thing and take this whole thing
I get the money everywhere that I go (I go)
I bust a bitch and take here money for sure (for sure)
I get the money everywhere that I go (I go)
I bust a bitch and take here money for sure (for sure)
Ayo, ayo, ayo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claiming D.P.G.
'Til the day I D-I-E
Ayo, ayo, ayo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claiming D.P.G.
'Til the day I D-I-E
Ayo, ayo, ayo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claiming D.P.G.
'Til the day I D-I-E
Ayo, ayo, ayo
You don't wanna step to me
Still claiming D.P.G.
'Til the day I D-I-E

