Song Name: Dipset Anthem
Oh yeah yeah yeah
Oh, come on fuck with your boy
It's Santana, heatmakers, where we at? (oh)
Let me see you through this
Killa (yeah yeah) freakay (oh oh)
Yeah man, I'm back at it c'mon (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Today's a new day, got the boo-lay up in the suitcase (ohh)
Go uptown to Harlem, tell 'em that I sent ya
Tell 'em it's August, I'm gone till November (ohh)
I need a couple birds, get a broad, have 'em sent up (yeah yeah)
Call my bird, get my broad have her sent up (Please, Ohh)
Call my niggaz, call my squad, have 'em sent up (Please,, yeah)
I see a town I'm likin (Ohh)
See some niggas getting money in a town I like it (yeah, yeah)
I run up on them with the pound and light it (ohh)
Like it's my block now, all right kid? (ohh)
He understood me quite clear (ohh)
Then that thing banged out, ranged out the side of his right ear (yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I got back to my business (ohh)
Back to my bitches (uhuh)
Back to the kitchen, that pyrex vision
Pop, I let that white stuff sit in (ohh)
Get hard, get rock, get to the block and pitchin' (yeah, yeah)
Yeah I'm sorry but this is how I'm living (ohh)
And this is how I'm getting, fuck how I get it hey!
I stood alone watching the wall, in the zone, hand on my handles
Listening to gangsta music (ohh) ey!
I stood at home hand on a chrome (yeah, yeah), with a zone, flippin' the channels
Watching how the gangstas do it (ohh), yeah, stay with me
I stood alone, getting dome, from a thick chick in sandles (ohh)
Watching Shaft, clocking math (yeah, yeah)
Now I see death around the corner
Gotta stay high, will I survive in the city where the skinny niggas die? (ohh)
Nope, it's the city where the skinny niggas ride yeah (ohh)
.45 semi on the side, yeah
Twisting when they drive, yeah (yeah, yeah)
Lick a shot for Big Pop and 'Pac, yeah (ohh)
One more for Shyne locked inside, yeah
Two more for Cam, for taking over the Roc (ohh)
Yeah, yeah, it's my year (yeah, yeah)
So, okay, okay, okay (ohh)
Y'all can't fuck with me, no way, what? (ohh)
Jose or Hector Camacho (ohh)
Blow and watch yo' chest close and tacos (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Motherfucker I'm the best, I told y'all before (ohh)
I should y'all before, ey!
I stood alone watching the wall, in the zone, hand on my handles (ohh)
Listening to gangsta music, ey! (yeah, yeah)
I stood at home hand on a chrome, with a zone, flippin' the channels (ohh)
Watching how the gangstas do it (yeah), stay with me
I stood alone, getting dome, from a thick chick in sandles (ohh)
Watching Shaft, clocking math (yeah, yeah)
Clocking math, okay, what would you say to him? (ohh)
It's the union right here, let's do it one time (ohh)
You know you can't fuck with me boy, okay (yeah, yeah)
I'm on the westside of Chicago, lookin' for a bust down (ohh)
Make me put my two arms up, touchdown!
You stay in touch now, but when I tough down (ohh)
I'm like buckshot shorty, you better duck down (yeah, yeah)
Yeah I must clown, I'm from Harlem, uptown (ohh)
Where we flash money, take your bitch and ask you, what now?
Birds flip a dozen, chicks is dicks they sucking (ohh)
Swallow my kids, go and kiss they cousin (yeah, yeah)
Yes, they kissing cousins, Toya's kissin' Muffin (ohh)
Worst then that, they go home and kiss they husband (ohh)
That shit's disgusting
Keep the chickens clucking, keep the pigeons buggin' (ohh, yeah, yeah)
This on my wrist is nothing
It's just yellow hearts and pink diamonds (ohh)
Where I get the money for this? don't think rhymin
You fucking with Pablo, bravo (ohh)
Mario via bolo, ta-to (yeah, yeah)
I stood alone watching the wall, in the zone, hand on my handles (ohh)
Listening to gangsta music, ey!
I stood at home hand on a chrome, with a zone, flippin' the channels
Watching how the gangstas do it (yeah, stay with me)
I stood alone watching the wall, in the zone, hand on my handles (ohh)
Listening to gangsta music, ey! (ohh)
I stood alone, getting dome, from a thick chick in sandles (ohh)
Watching Shaft, clocking math (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Ohh
Ohh
Yeah, yeah
Ohh
Ohh
