Song Name: Put Your Hands Where My Eyes Could See
Ah, yeah, Flipmode
Here we come
'Bout to fuckin' explode
Flipmode, Busta Bus (What?)
Nine-seven (Come on, what?)
Hot shit (Haha)
Check it out
Hit you with no delayin' so what you sayin', yo? (Uh)
Silly with my nine milli', what the deally, yo? (What?)
When I be on the mic, yes, I do my duty, yo (Ha)
Wild up in the club like we wild in the studio (Uh)
You don't wanna violate nigga really and truly, yo (Uh)
My main thug nigga named Julio he moody, yo (What?)
Type of nigga that'll slap you with the tool-io (Ba)
Bitch nigga scared to death, act fruity, yo (Uh)
Fuck that, look at shorty, she a little cutie, yo (Yes)
The way she shake it make me wanna get all in the booty, yo (Woo)
Top miss, just hit the bangin' bitches in videos (Huh?)
Whylin' with my freak like we up in the freak shows (Yes)
Hit you with the shit, make you feel it all in your toes (Yeah)
Hot shit got all you niggas in wet clothes (It get cold)
Stylin' my metaphors when I formulate my flows (Uh)
If you don't know you fuckin' with lyrical player pros, like that
Do you really wanna party with me?
Let me see just what you got for me (Come on)
Put all your hands where my eyes can see (Put 'em up, yo)
Straight buckwhylin' in the place to be (Whylin')
If you really wanna party with me (Flipmode)
Let me see just what you got for me (Come on)
Put all your hands where my eyes can see (Put 'em up)
Straight buckwhylin' in the place to be (Yeah)
If you really wanna party with me
In God we trust (What?)
Yo, it's a must that you heard of us, yo, we murderous (Uh)
A lot of niggas is wonderin' and they curious (What?)
How me and my niggas do it, it's so mysterious (Magical)
Furious, all of my niggas is serious (Uh)
Shook niggas be walkin' around fearin' us (What?)
Front nigga, like you don't wanna be hearin' us (Nope)
Gotta listen to hot radio, yo be playin' us (Ah)
Thirty time a day shit'll make you delirious (What?)
Damagin' everything all up in your areas (Yeah)
Yo, it's funny how all the chickens be always servin' us (Uh)
All up in between they ass where they wanna carry us (Uh)
Hitcha good then I hit em off with the alias (What?)
Various, chickens they wanna marry us (Ah)
Yo, it's Flipmode, my nigga, you know we 'bout to bust (Uh)
Seven figure money, the label preparin' us (Go me)
Bite the dust, instead of you, makin' a fuss (Fuss)
Niggas know better 'cause there ain't no comparin' us (Nope)
Mad at us, niggas is never, we fabulous (Yuh)
Hit my people off with the flow that be marvelous (Ha)
Oh, shit, my whole click victorious (Yah)
Takin' no prisoners, niggas is straight up warriors (What?)
While you feelin' that I know you be feelin' so glorious (Huh)
Then I blaze and reminisce on my nigga Notorious (What?)
Do you really wanna party with me? (Like that, like that-tha-that-that)
Let me see just what you got for me (That that that, tha-that-that-that)
Put all your hands where my eyes can see (Like that)
Straight buckwhylin' in the place to be
If you really wanna party with me
Let me see just what you got for me
Put all your hands where my eyes can see
Straight buckwhylin' in the place to be
If you really wanna party with me

