Song Name: High (feat. Elton John)
And I'm gonna be high (Hi-i-i-i-i-i-igh)
I'm a rocket man, I'm a rocket man, hey
And I'm gonna be hi-i-i-i-i-i-igh
I'm a rocket man (Hi-i-i-i-i-i-igh)
I land by my side, different land for my kind (Thugger!)
Spend ol' bands for my pa (Racks)
Spend ol' bands for my mother (I'm a rocket man)
Got a plan for my brother (hey)
Chanel bag for my lover (hey)
Fuck them ol' niggas, they ol' suckas (hey)
They tellin' on one another
I want a train, let's run a train (okay)
If she wan' bang, then let her bang (hey)
He said he bleeding, where the stain? (Where is it?)
My bitch at the top of food chains (I'm a rocket man)
They local, I don't even know the name (no)
I been fresh since a kid, ain't never plain
I just picked up a bag in Rotterdam
I'ma whip out the MAC and pop ya brain
I do what I want and shawty can't (Yeah)
I do what I feel and shawty cannot
I'm diggin', I digg and shawty layin' (Thugger)
And all of the bitches say they digg that (I'm a rocket man)
From Maine way to Spain (woo)
All I got is a chicken for the thots (yeah)
I take off like a plane
And I'm gonna be high (super geeked!)
Like a rocket man, hey, like a rocket man, he-ey!
And I'm gonna be hi-i-i-i-i-i-igh
I'm a rocket man (Hi-i-i-i-i-i-igh)
High as a plane!
From Spain to Maine, know what I'm sayin'? Damn
On a private order (Yeah)
I'm a rocket launcher (Yeah)
You gotta be the pride of something (Bet)
I walked out, Magic stumbling (I'm a rocket man, woah)
I stumble upon a mil' (yeah)
I stumble upon a million five
I spent a fortune all on double seals
If I tell you the numbers
You'll probably cry (And I'm gonna be-)
If I tell you you fake then you'll probably die
These days if he say that he hit then he probably lyin'
(I'm a rocket man, woah)
If you say you got wings and some fish
Then you probably fried (That's deep)
Got my karats out of Bonnie & Clyde (And I'm gonna be-)
She let me back in like she never cried
She let me back in like I never lied
I look like a cat with eleven lives
I really kick shit you can ask a fly (I'm a rocket man)
I'm steady chasing like I'm never tired
I'm living scary like a haunted house
Lil' mama sexy, I got butterflies, hey
And I'm gonna be high (Hi-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-igh)
I'm a rocket man, I'm the rocket man, hey! (Yeah! yeah!)
And I'm gonna be hi-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-igh-igh, yea-yeah
I'm a rocket man
Hi-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-igh (Ye-yea-yea-yeaah, yeah, yea-ah)
And I'm gonna be high
I'm a rocket man

