Song Name: Somethin Wrong In Heaven
I could find somethin' wrong in Heaven, baby
Ooh, I swear somethin' wrong with me
I could find somethin' wrong in Heaven, baby
But what I got to show for this honesty?
Might be the shit I'm on forever, baby (yeah)
Would you still wan' hold me down?
She said, "I see you be right, wanna see you be happy"
What if I don't know how?
What happens when you get to the top and it ain't what you thought?
And you cross all your T's and your I's all got dots
And the dots in your eyes gettin' small from fatigue
And they try call you out, but they dilate
That's my current mind state in a time where times great
Shit, I be tryna make my prime wait
I got this fear about fearin' that I fear about fear
And I got feelings 'bout feelings, I be sealin' that ceilin'
I be Sherlock Holmes of the stresses
I find all of them shits, girl, I'm extra
I could find the one cloud when it's sunny
I could feel broke in a pile of money
Try and convince myself, shit, why I talk a lot
Shit, I could bring sand to the beach
And then stand in the parkin' lot and not even go in
Take dips of positivity, but gotta be thrown in like
I could find somethin' wrong in Heaven, baby
Ooh, I swear somethin' wrong with me
I could find somethin' wrong in Heaven, baby
But what I got to show for this honesty?
Might be the shit I'm on forever, baby (yeah)
Would you still wan' hold me down?
She said, "I see you be right, wanna see you be happy"
What if I don't know how?
I don't know that it's gon' get better, will I get it over time?
They be so negative, these sentiments of mine
Know it seem I'm winnin', it's my element to shine
But it don't always look the same inside as it is outdoors
In the midst of clout warfare
Tryna make 'em feel me where they don't anymore care
And been havin' recent success, almost as scary as failure to me
What if I still stress the people that's carin' for me out?
'Til they make they way out
And I'm standin' in sun covered in rubble from the bubble of my gray doubt
And they waitin' on emotional payouts
For standin' by me all these years when I would stay poutin'
How much have I earned with my good traits?
I be pointin' out the bad, but in good faith
I've been tryna tell me that I'll be happier happy
Make the darkness occasional, the content everlastin'
This the type of beat that make me wan' talk in clichés
Make me wan' turn my phone off for three days
Make me wish that all my dues were just pre-paid
Make 'em go through like five people to get to me like
Let all my messages be relayed relays
On vacay eatin' 'til my thoughts vacate
So I think I could turn off for a few
But if I never lose this frown shit, will I have lost you?
