Song Name: fast (Remix) [feat. Offset & A Boogie Wit da Hoodie]
KenzDean!
I'm at- I'm at Suecos, bitch!
Fast, 400 on the dash
55 bills, buck 50 for the tax on the bag
I don't really like to brag
Vetements socks when I'm steppin' out of Sak's
I'ma hit it in the morning 'cause I'm whiskey dickin'
Got my brother out in Cashville flippin' chickens (Hey!)
Free bro from the can I ain't talkin' whippits (Woo, woo!))
Bitch, I make beats and bad decisions
Offset, hit it!
I'ma drop the top and show her titties (Hit it)
Stars in the ceiling, wraith black, I'ma villain (Wraith)
Fuck it, stack the money up right past the millions (Fuck it!)
My flow be sick I need some penicillin
Shawty tryna fuck me for the racks (Racks, cap)
Slide on these niggas, they get whacked (Slide!)
Patek get your bitch, she on the ground tryna act (At me)
Caught her in the lost and found fuck her for a rack (Ayy)
What the deal is? (Huh?)
Don't care what the bill is (Bills)
And I take all my gang in the village (Gang)
I got real rich (Rich)
Pop the seal quick (Drink)
Board a jet, I done take your bitch on field trip
Fast, 400 on the dash
55 bills, buck 50 for the tax on the bag
I don't really like to brag
Vetements socks when I'm steppin' out of Sak's
I'ma hit in the morning 'cause I'm whiskey dickin'
Got my brother out in Cashville flippin' chickens
Free bro from the can I ain't talkin' whippits
Bitch, I make beats and bad decisions
You at Sueco's, get with the program
Lightskin bitch off that Lindsay Lohan
She off the dust, she off the Hillary Duff
Baby I ain't trynna cuff, I'm just trynna bust
Wait hol' up
You gotta play with my nuts, hmm
I'ma make a beat out your butt, hmm
007 James Bond
Double Oreo Stuffed
Double up my funds
She a Vixen on the cam so I grab my iPhone
She dumb with the head got me doin' a eye roll
She bad on film, gotta check out the B roll
Put my D in her V got her singin' a C note
Fast, 400 on the dash
55 bills, buck 50 for the tax on the bag
I don't really like to brag
Vetements socks when I'm steppin' out of Sak's
I'ma hit in the morning 'cause I'm whiskey dickin'
Got my brother out in Cashville flippin' chickens
Free bro from the can I ain't talkin' whippits
Bitch, I make beats and bad decisions
Oh word, yeah, that's big facts
Three different mansions, ain't no tellin' where I live at
Bloody red Lamborghini got me screamin' "Blat!"
And a nasty Richard Mille that be sittin' where my wrist at
We gon' slide out
I can fly your bitch out the country without you findin' out
Say she wanna be on the team, I let her try out (Yeah)
She ain't gettin' this, she playin' with her punani now
Yeah, she ain't gettin' this, she playin' with her punani now
My chain is lookin' ocky, it's water, like a tsunami now
They told me not to tote on that 40 but shit be rockin' now
They told me not to tote on that 40 but it's impossible
'Cause niggas, they be hatin', they on me so I keep a Glock or two
I'm at- I'm at Suecos, bitch!

