Song Name: Vibe With You (feat. Ty Dolla $ign)
Ooh, yeah
Woah-oh, yeah, yeah
I mean like, you really want me to say that s-?
Dolla $ign (4Hunnid)
Baby, can I ride with you?
Lay up all night with you
Baby, who gon' vibe with you
The same way that I do?
Baby, can I ride with you?
Lay up all night with you
Baby, who gon' vibe with you
The same way that I do?
Uh, I ain't never on no soft s-
But I'm gangsta all day, I need a b- I can be soft with
She know I got a heart, even when I talk s-
Could never meet her at the club 'cause she ain't on the market
I picture us together, I'm an artist
Bulletproof vests when you with me, I'm a target
You got that s- on, and you wear it like you been on
Smellin' like Chanel, oh, don't get me started
I f- with you, you idolize Beyoncé
I f- with you, your baby hair's like Ashanti
If I put a baby in you, then you stuck
You could never leave, we ain't doin' a Kim and Kanye
My real nigga ways rubbin' off, I leave a stain on you
If you gang, I'll leave a 4Hunnid chain on you
I feel kinda weird, talkin' to you through this verse
Just let me pull up right now, put this thing on you, woah
Baby, can I ride with you? (Baby, can I ride?)
Lay up all night with you
Baby, who gon' vibe with you (oh-oh)
The same way that I do?
Baby, can I ride with you? (Baby, can I ride?)
Lay up all night with you (woah)
Baby, who gon' vibe with you
The same way that I do?
Mercedes or Aston, I tell her, "Pick one"
Let you dip your hand in this bag, you bet' not switch up
I f- with you heavy, don't get it mixed up
B- ain't as lit up as you lit up
Tryna find some dirt on my gangsta, that you can dig up
B-, I don't know no Keisha, so what you mad and ain't gon' pick up? (Huh)
F- it, we gon' hop in this vehicle, go and spin one
You the definition of a real one, baby, been one
Told me tat' her name where it's visible, I'ma get one
S- got critical, you ain't wiggle on me, big ups
Yeah, I triple salute you for bein' trill
I told her I'm on 'em, she blame the pills
Never mind the millions, politically in the field
I just need a driver, I'm squeezin' when it get real (frr-frr-frr)
Bonnie and Clyde vibes 'til it's over, for real, for real
Bonnie and Clyde vibes 'til it's over, for real, for real (frr-frr-frr)
Baby, can I ride?
Baby, can I ride with you? (Baby, baby)
Lay up all night with you (slide)
Baby, who gon' vibe with you (the same way that I do)
The same way that I do? (Ooh, yeah)
Baby, can I ride with you? (Baby, can I ride?)
Lay up all night with you (slide, slide-slide)
Baby, who gon' vibe with you
The same way that I do?

