Song Name: Get Fly (feat. DaBaby)
DA got that dope
You gotta get fly just to listen to this s-
Got a brand-new Glock, Scottie Pippen in the clip
But I ain't Scottie Pippen, I be pimpin' on a b-
You a sucka a- n-, why you listen to the b-?
I be f- with these h- and I'm flippin' with my clip
You be cuffin' on these h- and you kissin' on that b-
I'm on that young n- s-
Got a big old bag 'cause I'm young, and I'm rich
How you take Wockhardt when my young finna sip?
Better tuck your chain 'cause my young finna trip
15, double O, what I spent on my kicks
Got 007 type guns in my crib
Make one wrong move, you gettin' left in this b-
And I put that on God, on my set and my b- (yeah-yeah)
On my set and my b-
Make one wrong move, you gettin' left in this b-
And I put that on God, on my set and my b-, ayy
You gotta get fly just to listen to this s- (n-)
Got a brand-new Glock, Scottie Pippen in the clip (huh?)
But I ain't Scottie Pippen, I be pimpin' on a b- (go)
You a sucka a- n-, why you listen to the b-?
Uh, slick pimpin', b- want in (slick pimpin')
I tell a b- to swim, she gon' jump in
How you get the money
To pay for studios way back then? (How you do that there?)
Caught the boxes from the mailman (go)
B- eat me up like Mrs. Pac-Man
I'm in the race car, this s- barely got room, I drive it like Batman (skrrt-skrrt)
B- like my accent (huh?)
You tryna f- again? See how it feel, she got her a- did (uh-huh)
I'm actin' like it's real
You must've hit some freak h-, you tryna chill (no chill)
She told me she on demon time, I popped the pill (mm)
Runoff with the drugs, jack the plug, call me Jill (runoff)
I ain't showin' a b- n- no love, that's how I feel
F- a b- with blue hundreds, they hit the spot, don't it? (Blue)
They tryna sit at the table, can't put no Glock on it
The gangster s-, it turn n- off 'cause these n- not on it
Can't even think of the cost of the s- you got on
You gotta get fly just to listen to this s- (n-)
Got a brand-new Glock, Scottie Pippen in the clip (huh?)
But I ain't Scottie Pippen, I be pimpin' on a b- (go)
You a sucka-a- n-, why you listen to the b-?
Got 007-type guns, n-, James Bond (baow)
We'll paint the p- red, like crayons (crayons)
Bust a 'scrip from the pharmacy, save on
Link a n- with his dead homie like a séance (RIP)
On the phone with my plug, speak Spanish
Make a brick disappear quick, go vanish
Got all types of clips like Inspector Gadget
Put Dior on my b-, she in love with that fashion
And I'm-and I'm in love with this street s-
Chop like a broom and my young n- shoot s-
Chainsaw, knife, but it ain't s-, that's sweet, b-
Left stroke, right stroke, now she asleep, b-
Ayy, now she asleep, b-
F- on her bestie, she ain't know she a creep, b-
Rocks so cold so my wrist look anemic
Do like Michael Jackson, do b- and beat it, yeah
You gotta get fly just to listen to this s-
Got a brand-new Glock, Scottie Pippen in the clip
But I ain't Scottie Pippen, I be pimpin' on a b-
You a sucka a- n-, why you listen to the b-?

