Song Name: Slow Cookin'
Hey, good lookin' (good lookin', babe)
What you got cookin'? (Got cookin' up)
How's about cookin' somethin' up with me? (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Hey
Baby, I've been on this plot too long
I gotta get home
I said I gotta get
Swag stay drippin', I'm on my grind
Black man gotta get paid (get paid)
Boss man talkin' 'bout overtime
Had to straight tell him no way (no way)
You know the boys are crackin' Buds in the parkin' lot
You know when Bubba gets buzzed like to talk a lot
But I can't hang with the gang after 5 o'clock
I gotta bust a move (move), gotta get with you (you), ooh
Hey shorty, whatcha got for me?
Eastbound and down, I'm flyin' on I-40
On my way for a taste of that apple pie, yeah (alright)
Sweet biscuits, handle your business
This man can stand the heat in your kitchen
Work all day and we be slow cookin' all night
Drop a needle down on some old Hank Williams (Willy)
I'ma turn off my phone (turn it off, baby)
Pull your hair back, girl, your face so pretty
We'll be honky-tonkin' all night long
When the sun's comin' up on the cul-de-sac
I'll be back to the hustle, makin' paper stack
But I'm countin' down the seconds like an hourglass
I gotta bust a move (move), gotta get with you (you), ooh
Hey shorty, whatcha got for me?
Eastbound and down, I'm flyin' on I-40
On my way for a taste of that apple pie, yeah (yeah, yeah)
Sweet biscuits, handle your business
This man can stand the heat in your kitchen
Work all day and we be slow cookin' all night
I'm talkin' 'bout a slow simmer
Little somethin' sweet after dinner
This the type of love that's better when you take your time
Hotter than some grease poppin'
Hope the neighbors don't come a-knockin'
'Cause Mr. Willie Jones is bringin' home an appetite
Hey shorty, whatcha got for me? (What you got?)
Eastbound and down, I'm flyin' on I-40 (skrrt)
On my way for a taste of that apple pie, yeah
Sweet biscuits, handle your business
This man can stand the heat in your kitchen
Work all day and we be slow cookin' all night
Cookin' all
Cook, cook, cookin' all
Cookin' all
Cook, cook, cookin' all (whatcha got cookin', baby?)
Work all day and we be slow cookin' all night (whatcha cookin baby?)
(Cookin', whatcha got cookin', baby?)

