Song Name: One Way Street
Hey look out yonder, what's that I see?
Well that old bogus honey coming after me!
I thought you told her I was out of town,
I wonder how she knowed I was hangin' around.
Say, listen baby, don't go wastin' your time,
You keep on comin' round you'll hear the same old line.
You got a thousand boys, you say you need 'em,
You take what's good for you and I'll take my freedom.
'Cause lately it's been so hard now to make ends meet.
And honey, your head's a One Way Street,
And I gotta go the other way.
I thought I knew her, my cagey lady,
How could my sunshine be so damn shady.
She'll say she love to talk a conversation,
But I'm the one that makes my situation.
This one way city, that I thought I knew,
It's such a pity honey, that's it for you.
Because lately it's been so hard now to make ends meet,
And honey, your head's a One Way Street.
I just gotta go the other way.
There's nothin' over here I never showed ya,
I made it pretty clear I'm glad to know ya.
You know your brother Spike, he's on the level,
But you always lookin' like you're mad at the devil.
Don't say I cop a 'tude, it's all forgotten,
It's just you're much too rude, your fruits are rotten.
You know I work so hard to keep it alive,
Now all I hear from you is nothin' but jive.
Because lately it's been so hard now to make ends meet,
And honey, your head's a One Way Street.
And I gotta go the other way, yes I do.
Well baby it's been so hard now to make ends meet,
And honey, your head's a One Way Street.
And I really do feel that I got to be movin' on.
Hey baby, hey baby, hey baby, hey baby.
And your head's like a One Way Street,
And you're foolin' everybody you meet.
I said your head's like a One Way Street,
And you're foolin' everybody you meet.
Your head's like a One Way Street,
Well you're foolin' everybody you meet.
I said your head's like a One Way Street,
And oyu're foolin' everybody you meet.
I said your head's like a One Way Street,
When you're foolin' everybody you meet.
I said your head's like a One Way Street,
When you're foolin' everybody you meet.
I said your head's like a One Way Street,
You got to get yourself back on your feet.
Well no baby fooling everybody.
Oh baby humming everybody,
Chewing everybody,
Booting everybody,
Loving everybody,
Licking everybody.

