Song Name: SWEET / I THOUGHT YOU WANTED TO DANCE (feat. Brent Faiyaz & Fana Hues)
No, no, no, no, no, no, listen, listen (call me when you get lost, lost)
The driver gon' drop you off
Alright, it's warm (call me when you get lost, lost)
The waterfall is crazy
I don't know, make somethin' up, tell him somethin'
Uh, come on
Still on the boat
Call me if you get lost
You and I, we fell in love
I ain't read the signs, ain't know what it was
But God gotta know he might have peaked when he made you
The cosmos' only mistake is what they named you (what that mean?)
They should call you sugar, you're so sweet
Well, they should call you sugar
'Cause you're so sweet to me
Well, they should call you sugar, sugar, oh, you're so sweet
'Cause, baby, you're the sweetest, sweetest, sweetest thing I've known
Baby, you're the sweetest thing
Even if
You left me out here stranded
My feelings wouldn't change a bit
(You know how I feel about you, are you ready?)
You know how I feel, baby
Infinite
The love I have for you, a diamond couldn't put a dent in it (uh, go to the bridge thing, okay)
Darling, you're the wind under my wings
My heart beats triple time when I see you
Somethin' I can't control
If I compared you, the sun is a stand-in (sun)
You got a smile that could light up a planet (smile) yeah (oh, oh)
And I just wanted you to know (they should call you sugar)
They should call you sugar, you're so sweet
Well, they should call you sugar (why?)
'Cause you're so sweet to me (sugar)
Well, they should call you sugar (sugar) you're so sweet (oh, oh)
'Cause, baby, you're the sweetest, sweetest, sweetest thing I've known (ooh, girl)
You're the sweetest
They should call you sugar, you're so sweet (sugar, sugar, sugar, sugar)
Well, they should call you sugar (why?)
'Cause you're so sweet to me
Well, they should call you sugar, you're so sweet (you're so sweet to me)
'Cause, baby, you're the sweetest, sweetest, sweetest (I know)
And you look so good (yeah)
And you smell so good (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And you taste so good (yeah)
And you're so, so good (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You're the sweetest (yeah)
Yeah, you are, ha-ha
Sweet like, like motherfuckin' brown sugar sweet potatoes (are you ready?)
Or somethin'
Ha-ha
The plan was to stick my toe in and
Check the temperature, but
Next thing I know, I'm
I'm drownin'
Appelle-moi si tu te perds
This here for the sunseekers
Run the track
What makes you think
I'm not in love?
How could you know
What's best for us?
Why am I here
Standing alone?
'Cause I thought, I thought you wanted to dance, yeah (welcome to the disco)
You're so good to me (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, it felt good to me, yeah, yeah, yeah (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah), yeah, yeah
You're so good to me (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, it felt so good to me (yeah, yeah, yeah)
So, what makes you think (what makes you think)
I'm not in love? (I'm not in love?)
And how could you know (how could you know)
What's best for us, us, us? (What's best for us?)
Why am I here (why am I here)
Standing alone? (Standing alone?)
Because I thought you wanted to dance with me
Honestly, it's all about the timing, yeah (yeah, yeah)
I ain't mean to lead you on, because
Him and I got some things that we're trying
But my energy belongs to you
I want you so bad, but not too fast
It's not your fault, we can't pretend
Because we both in the wrong
So what makes you think
I'm not in love? (Feels so good)
How could you know, know, know
What's best for us?
Why am I here
Standing alone?
'Cause I thought, I thought you wanted to dance, yeah (run the track)
'Cause I thought, I thought you wanted to dance
'Cause I thought, I thought you wanted to dance
I thought you wanted to dance
I thought you wanted to dance
I thought you wanted to dance
I wish that we never met, I wish that we ain't connect
Like Lego, connection good, but mixed signal
If you say so, like cardio
We stared up and down, but we didn't blink
Felt like dirty dishes 'cause we was in sync
I swear to God, if you and him never linked
I'd tear that ass up like somethin' was stole
I'd make them glass balls roll back to your skull
Call a tail number, where you wanna go?
The fuck do he got that I don't got a lot of?
There go my ego again, that's the problem
The fuck you expect? I go get what I want
I want you to say you pick me with your voice
I'm twenty-five up, but I can't buy your choice
You promised to me, but that's not the point
You got me out here smokin' joints
You got me out here losin' point
I'm cancellin' shoots and I'm cancellin'—
I'm hitchhiking, you pull over, so invitin'
The seat got my name on it, but who driving?
He hiatus, we spend time, and we repeat and we rewind it
Your headlights? It hit my eyelid
Love is blinding, y'all together? Don't remind me, so confusin'
What we doing? How y'all doing?
Oh, you choosin' him? Okay, I gotta cope with losing, fuck
I ain't been sleepin' well
Twin, I'll never tell
Stay busy so I don't think, 'cause downtime is when it sink in
I stare at old pictures, I, I thought you wanted to dance (dance)
I thought you wanted to dance, I
Maybe, maybe (for you)
What's the chance, though?
I wish that we had better timing
I'll save a dance just for you
So don't forget about me, ba-ba-ba-da
I'll save a dance just for you
I wish that we had better timing
I'll save a dance just for you (only for you, only for you)
So don't forget about me (no) ba-ba-ba-da
I'll save a dance just for you

