Song Name: Come On, Let's Go (with Nigo)
Yeah
Brrr (ooh), brrr (ooh-ah)
Agh (ooh, yeah), I'm downstairs
Tsk (ooh), fuck you mean? (Ooh-ah)
Girl! (Ooh)
I told your ass be ready, agh
You always got excuses, and you know I be on top of things
Punctual my proper name, on the dot is not your aim
Although we in love, we are not the same (uh)
I hit you on that celly, agh
You said you needed five, that was more than 12 ago
Claim you got your hands tied, time stuck like Velcro
Georgia Peach on each side like it's ATL, ho (yeah)
You lackin' (ayy), you trippin', you slackin' (ayy)
Impatient-ly waitin' (yeah, ayy)
Confused, like, "What happened?"
How you get a attitude 'cause I'm gettin' mad?
'Cause you wanna take 20 minutes and a half
And on top of that, I gotta get gas
Ahh, the freeway, picked up traffic
What the fuck is you doin'? We gotta dip-dip-dip-dip-dip
Cartier-er-er-er, watch go tick-tick-tick-tick-tick
Waitin' for that last minute for your goddamn hair
Now stop playin' games, girl, and bring your ass downstairs
Come on, girl, let's go (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Come on, girl, let's go (yeah, yeah, yeah)
'Cause you know the time that you wastin', like time that you wastin'
Like time that you wasting's on my dime
Come on, girl, let's go (yeah, yeah, yeah)
Come on, girl, let's go (yeah, yeah, yeah)
'Cause you know the time that you wastin', like time that you wastin'
Like time that you wasting's on my dime
Took me 20 to get ready, yeah
Shower, moisturizer, and the fit I had on yesterday
Uniform necessities, multiples of everything
Now your neighbor wanna come and speak to me, like
"Hey! How you doin'?" "I'm good" "I ain't too bad"
"Ah-ha-ha-ha-ha," hit her with a few fake laughs
She talkin' my ear off, it's sympathy I lack
I care about one thing, where the fuck you at? (Ayy)
Anyway, gotta pay a little more
If we late to the jet
Gotta jet 'cause the boat leave at eight
And we got supper on the upper deck and the orchestra
Gon' play that shit I scored (woo), for LV Abloh projects (yeah)
You ain't scared to change 'cause this ain't comin' out your pockets
My Freudian slip, I'm rude lil' bit, don't be actin' so appalled
All y'all girls love this shit
Put so much into tonight and you just don't care
Now stop playin' games, girl, and bring your ass downstairs
Come on, girl, let's go, come on, girl, let's go (go, go)
Come on, girl, let's go, come on, girl, let's go (I'm comin', I'm comin', I'm comin')
'Cause you know the time that you wastin' like, time that you wastin' like
Time that you wasting's on my dime
Tsk, you're always rushing me, relax! Chill, chill, alright?
T-Tonight just don't care, playin' games, girl, bring your ass downstairs
Why you trippin'? (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm comin' (yeah, yeah)
I'm finishin' my makeup, can you just relax, like
This takes a long time, like it's not that serious (where the fuck you at?)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I think... I-I think I left something in the house

