Song Name: Young Forever
Let's dance in style, let's dance for a while
Heaven can wait, we're only watching the skies
Hoping for the best but expecting the worst
Are you gonna drop the bomb or not?
Let us die young or let us live forever
We don't have the power, but we never say never
Sitting in a sandpit, life is a short trip
The music's for the sad man
Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever? (Uh)
Forever young (young), I wanna be (aye, may the best of your todays)
Forever young, forever young (be the worst of your tomorrows)
Do you really want to live forever (but we ain't even thinkin' that far)
(Ya know what I mean?) Forever? Forever young
So we livin' life like a video
Where the sun is always out, and you never get old
And the champagne's always cold and the music is always good
And the pretty girls just happen to stop by in the hood
And they hop they pretty ass up on the hood of that pretty ass car
Without a wrinkle in today, 'cause there's no tomorrow
Just a picture-perfect day that last a whole lifetime
And it never ends 'cause all we have to do is hit rewind
So let's just stay in the moment, smoke some weed, drink some wine
Reminisce, talk some shit, forever young is in your mind
Leave a mark they can't erase, neither space nor time
So when the director yells cut, I'll be fine, I'm forever young
Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever?
Forever young, I wanna be forever young (forever young)
Do you really want to live forever, forever? Forever young
Fear not when, fear not why, fear not much while we're alive
Life is for livin', not livin' uptight, 'til you're somewhere up in the sky
Fear not die, I'll be alive for a million years, bye bye's
Are not for legends, I'm forever young, my name shall survive
Through the darkest blocks, over kitchen stoves, over Pyrex pots
My name shall be passed down to generations
While debatin' up in barbershops
Young slung, hung here, showed that a nigga from here
With a little ambition, just what we can become here (yeah)
And as the father pass the story down to his son's ears
Young'll get younger every year, yeah
So if you love me baby, this is how you let me know
Don't ever let me go, that's how you let me know, baby
Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever?
Forever young, I wanna be forever young (forever young)
Do you really want to live forever, forever? (Just let it run)
Forever young
Slammin' Bentley doors, hoppin' outta Porsches
Poppin' up on Forbes' list, gorgeous, hold up
Niggas thought I lost it, they be talkin' bullshit
I be talkin' more shit, they nauseous, hold up
I'll be here forever, you know I'm on my fall shit
And I ain't waitin' for closure, I will never forfeit
Less than four bars, Guru bring the chorus in
Did you get the picture yet? I'm paintin' you a portrait of Young
Forever young, I wanna be forever young (forever young)
Do you really want to live forever, forever? Forever young

