Song Name: Silent Hill
Hey! (Oh, whoa)
Why, oh, why, oh, why, oh, why you keep fuckin' with me?
You gon' make me jump out my skin, believe me
Push these niggas off me like, "Huh!"
Push these bitches off me like, "Huh!"
Push these niggas off me like, "Huh!"
I'm pushin' the snakes, I'm pushin' the fakes
I'm pushin' them all off me like, "Huh!"
Pushin' them all off me like, "Huh!" (Yeah)
Uh-huh, I be immune to shit (uh-huh)
Tuck in the broom and shit (uh-huh)
They want to assume and shit (uh-huh)
Know you a choke, my assets are close
I hide like thе moon and shit (uh-huh)
Know the results, the ballot is in and I'm about to boom again (uh-huh)
You funny, dawg
Peek-a-boo, can't hidе behind your money, dawg
A week or two, I meditate on runnin' lost
Swerve, swerve, swerve, shake the currents off, yeah
Push these niggas off me like, "Huh!"
Push these bitches off me like, "Huh!"
Push these niggas off me like, "Huh!"
I'm pushin' the snakes, I'm pushin' the fakes
I'm pushin' them all off me like, "Huh!"
Pushin' them all off me like, "Huh!" (Yeah)
Head up, chest out
It's all laxed, I'm stressed out
Shh! Be quiet, I'm stressed out
Stressed out, stressed out, stressed
Came my daughter up, she need all the love
I need all the love, I mean all of us
It's like six o'clock, bitch, you talk too much
You makin' it awkward love
I mean it's hard enough, I mean it's-
They don't fuck with me even if they could
Pull out the stick, hit a bitch with the wood
First apart roll would be vert in the hood
Don't worry about us over here, we good
The AP Roman Numeral
Everywhere I go I need pharmaceuticals
I ran my whole conglomerate
I was just mappin' shit out in the cubicle
Suicide crews at funeral
Track hot, launch like a slingshot
Big ole ruby diamond on my pinkey finger
That bitch look like a Ring Pop
Money on my mind, money on your head
Can't rap three times while you comin' through the jets
Red cross cap a nigga fade
In the studio with K Dot fresh out the feds
Yeah, you niggas can't stand the rain, niggas don't stand a chance
Yeah, shuffle like candy paint, I spend a band on a Benz
I call the bitch off a Google app
I'm the type to kill my shooter weapon
I had to survive off a tuna pack
Five percent tint on the wood like who was that?
Cu Tang caught niggas mad
Beat the dope with a fo', I'm whippin' up Sudafed
Only doin' scams in the lab
Every Thursday girls they spendin' time with my daughter
Made me go harder
Every Sunday Service, they teach my boy to be a man
I ain't have no father
Fell in the love with the block, I ain't have no park
Just a sawed-off shotgun Mossberg
We stackin' that money up propper
Opp with diamonds it look like marbles
Audemars water, aqua beatin' a blocker 'til we spout 'em
I don't want your ice, boy, I want your life
But fuck it, I might still rob 'em
Yo
Push these niggas off me like, "Huh!"
Push these bitches off me like, "Huh!"
Push these niggas off me like, "Huh!"
I'm pushin' the snakes, I'm pushin' the fakes
I'm pushin' them all off me like, "Huh!"
Pushin' them all off me like, "Huh!" (Yeah)
Head up, chest out
It's all laxed (huh, huh, huh), I'm stressed out
Shh! Be quiet, I'm stressed out
Stressed out, stressed out, stressed out

