Song Name: MS PORTER (feat. Night Lovell)
Can you hear me now? Screamin' out loud (go)
Even though it's in my brain (woo)
Even though I got this pain (huh)
Even though I'm in the rain (brr)
While my brain out, Kurt Cobain (yeah)
Still sat with these Balmains (yeah)
Stuff a white coke Mary Jane (go)
Put the blame on all my name (go)
I'ma sad white cryin' out flame (huh)
Walk around like it's my business (yeah)
Even though I got no witness (fuck)
I'ma flex hard, niggas know fitness (go)
Yeah, for the life of me, just try to get away from me
Just give me one second to breathe
In this life of mine, I know, this the life that I have chose
When I die, you see my soul, Ms Porter, how you doin'?
Tryna get to know you, ho, wanna see you with no glow
Just tryna take you to my home (ayy, uh)
Wednesday mornin', ridin' 'round town, just lost a bitch, uh
My nigga, I'm fallin', fallin', this shit I could not suggest, uh, ayy
Now to the fact that the day-one gang just left a nigga, ayy
All of them boys is pussy, they know I'm a solid killer, ayy (killer)
It's not so bad, look what I have
Fill in the blanks, lift up the rags
How did I get this far? Me and my niggas just raised the bar
My nigga, this shit so fake (yeah), wanna consume me, ain't no way
Don't give a fuck 'bout what you niggas gon' say
I did it myself and that's all we gon' say, ayy (I did it myself, bitch)
Crazy to think I ain't dead, a nigga survived the pain (survived the pain)
Can I take you away, Ms Porter?
I ain't tryna play these games, ayy (I ain't tryna play no games)
I'm knockin' on your door, I thought it was over (over)
I'm not really sober, come over, I'm a loner (yeah, yeah)
Come inside my Beamer, I got Belly's Range Rovers (Range Rovers)
I'ma die alone, and I thought you was my baby (my boo)
Pray to God every day
And I wish he come and take me (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
How could she play me? I'ma run down in your house (no, no)
I'ma blow that bitch right now (right now)
Smoke a blunt real quick, it's loud (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'ma give this bitch my pain, we gon' die in sour flames (yeah)
You know, it's me not rebuildin' shit
Me posted outside, you feel?
Like, this bitch don't even wanna come outside
Like, it's really crazy, you know, like, what is love?
I think love is like, honestly, I really don't know, man
You know, my mind is all type like, fucked up, you know
Like, it's really fucked up right now
This bitch got me like, all types of fucked up
Like, open up the fuckin' door, bitch, what the fuck? Haha
I'm knockin' on your door, I thought it was over (over)
I'm not really sober, come over, I'm a loner (yeah, yeah)
Come inside my Beamer, I got Belly's Range Rovers (Range Rovers)
I'ma die alone, and I thought you was my baby (my boo)
Pray to God every day and I wish he come and take me
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
How could she play me? I'ma run down in your house (no, no)
I'ma blow that bitch right now (right now)
Smoke a blunt real quick, it's loud (yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'ma give this bitch my pain, we gon' die in sour flames (yeah)
(No, no, no, no)

