Song Name: Balenciaga Challenge (feat. Offset)
Listen, okay? Let me just say this:
If a nigga wanna fuck with me,
He gon' fuck with all of me,
He ain't gon' fuck with me sometimes,
He gon' fuck with me at all motherfucking times, period.
I ain't going for none of that bullshit
You know,
These niggas be out here tryna play mind games and shit with a bitch
Like,
I ain't got time for that!
You know what I'm saying?
I ain't got time for that!
Niggas ain't the only one that's getting money too, like,
Bitches is getting money too, nigga.
My time is money, nigga! Don't waste my time, nigga!
I am not like these niggas, I be penicillin in the cut (woo)
That mean no chillin' and then cut (woo)
Made a million in a cut (woo!)
I'm Balenciaga challenge
Tryna find my balance
Offset with a bag
That mean I ain't goin' out sad (woo)
My melodies came from everything I came from
They talking to God, everything I got came from him
Ain't no fatigue in my blood
It's just a lot of weed in my blood
Had to finish
Keep running your mouth like Akademiks
It's a everyday struggle
But I still remain humble
We can compare and all that
But you know it ain't all that, yeah
(Ay, ay, ay, yeah, ay)
I pick up the pace, up the pace
I can never take a break (nigga, break)
Then I brought my trouble where I stay
So I cannot run away (yeah)
I pick up the pace, up the pace
I can never take a break (nigga, break)
Then I brought my trouble where I stay
So I cannot run away
800 racks in my safe (racks)
Used to have dope in the base (dope)
Nigga, I'm a north side native (north)
I was never understood, they hated (no)
Grow dope with the wolves with the slave (wolves)
Cause the P got shot and couldn't make it (pow)
I had case after cases (case)
I never switched up, cause I'm gangsta (rah)
These diamonds is huge like branches (rah)
I wore diamonds and gold cause we ancient (ancient)
She wanna expose me, she anxious (expose)
Had to call up my bro, I'm some lame shit
It keep burning my soul that he lies with (girl)
The rings of trophy on banquette (yeah)
I'm geeked up on codeine, I can't quit
Gotta bust that Patek like a plane bitch
Had 'em bust that bitch, what her name is
And my GO with the gang is
You know that we armed and dangerous
I'm having thoughts
I'm not gonna my mind is cautious
I had a heart to grow my daughter now I'm heartless (heartless, hey)
I'm moving smart, my money Colossus
I pick up the pace, up the pace
I can never take a break
Then I brought my trouble where I stay
So I cannot run away (yeah)
I pick up the pace, up the pace
I can never take a break
Then I brought my troubles where I stay
So I cannot run away

