Song Name: Through The Wire
Yo, Gee, they can't stop me from rapping can they?
Can they, Hop?
I spit it through the wire, man
It's too much stuff on my heart right now, man
I'll gladly risk it all right now
It's a life or death situation, man
Y'all don't really understand how I feel right now, man
It's your boy Kanye to the
Chi-Town, what's going on?
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah
I drink a Boost for breakfast, an Ensure for dessert
Somebody ordered pancakes I just sip the sizzurp
That right there could drive a sane man berserk
Not to worry, Mr. H-to-the-Izzo's back to wizzerk
How do you console my mom or give her light support
Telling her, her son's on life support
And just imagine how my girl feel
On the plane scared as hell that her guy look like Emmett Till
She was with me before the deal she been tryna be mine
She a delta so she been throwing that dynasty sign
No use me tryna be lying
I've been trying to be signed
Trying to be a millionaire
How I used two lifelines?
In the same hospital where Biggie Smalls died
The doctor said I had blood clots
But I ain't Jamaican, man
Story on MTV and I ain't trying to make a band
I swear, this right here, history in the making, man
I really apologize for everything right now man
If it's unclear at all, man
They got my mouth wired shut for like I don't know the doctor said like six weeks
You know we had reconstru-
I had reconstructive surgery on my jaw
I looked in the mirror, half of my jaw was in the back of my mouth, man
I couldn't believe it
But I'm still here for y'all right now, man
This is what I gotta say right here dawg
Yeah, turn me up, yeah
Uh
What if somebody from the Chi that was ill
Got a deal on the hottest rap label around?
But he wasn't talking 'bout coke and birds it was more like spoken word
Except he's really putting it down
And he explained the story about how blacks came from glory
And what we need to do in the game
Good dude, bad night, right place, wrong time
In the blink of a eye his whole life changed
If you could feel how my face felt, you would know how Mase felt
Thank God I ain't too cool for the safe belt
I swear to God, driver two wanna sue
I got a lawyer for the case, to keep what's in my safe safe
My dawgs couldn't tell if I
I looked like Tom Cruise on Vanilla Sky
It was televised
There's been an accident like GEICO
They thought I was burnt up like Pepsi did Michael
I must got a angel
'Cause look how death missed his ass
Unbreakable, what you thought they'd call me Mr. Glass?
Look back on my life like the Ghost of Christmas Past
Toys "R" Us where I used to spend that Christmas cash
And I still won't grow up, I'm a grown ass kid
Swear I should be locked up for stupid s- that I did
But I'm a champion, so I turned tragedy to triumph
Make music that's fire, spit my soul through the wire
You know what I'm saying?
When the doctor told me I had a, um
I was goin' to have a plate in my chin
I said, "Dawg, don't you realize I'll never make it on a plane now?
It's bad enough I got all this jewelry on"
You can't be serious, man

