Song Name: Hot Shit (feat. Ye & Lil Durk)
This too hard, Tay Keith, this too hard
Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Now, this the hot shit
Jimmy Snuka off the top rope, super fly shit
Might get in the 'tub with all my ice on some 'Pac shit
Either way you slice it, bottom line, I'm the top bitch
New Chanel, I rock it, twist, and it ain't even out yet
All this jewelry at the grocery store, I'm obnoxious
Bought a home and closing on another, I know I'm blessed
Everybody wanna be gang, ain't no spots left
Bad bitch contest, it wouldn't be a contest
(Ooh, smoking dope) I'm connected
I don't know what's longer, man, my block list or my checklist?
I don't know what's colder, man, my heart or my necklace?
Pretty when I wake up, I'm a bad bitch at breakfast
Still might slide on an opp (it's electric)
Hating didn't work, so they lie (so they lie)
These bitches looking hurt, and they fried (and they fried)
I know they wouldn't miss 'em if they died
Tell 'em, move (move), move, new Chanel on my body, it's a boost
I'm so popping, I don't ever gotta get introduced ('duced)
One thing I never call a bitch for is a truce (truce)
Brand-new chopper, can't wait to put that bitch to use (use)
Oof (oof), checks coming fast, I'm like swoosh (swoosh)
Ooh (ooh), give 'em to them straight, 100° proof (proof)
I thought I killed you hoes before, it must be déjà vu
It's either that, or I'm catching body number two
This that block music, this that drop location, drop an opp music
Man, this ain't for them niggas in the house, this shit for Glock users
And I don't talk down on trenches hoes who known to be a cock user
This that pill talk, gotta buss his head, he cut on opp music
Who said you gang? (Who?)
Who said you could come around this bitch and hang? (Who?)
And I fucked your baby-mama mama, and I ain't say a thing (shh)
They just came outside in 2020, pull up in that '21
I pick my side, switches fully and I'ma die for 21 (Slaughter Gang)
I got plenty cars, I hit plenty stars, and didn't come
I said it plenty times, I pay for bodies, I ain't pay for none
You think I'm finna leave my bitch for you? She fuck Future, too?
I know that Von hit her, she pulled up on my block in Jimmy Choo (smurk)
Oof (oof), checks coming fast, I'm like swoosh (swoosh)
Ooh (ooh), get 'em to me straight, 100° proof (proof)
I thought I killed you hoes before, it must be déjà vu
It's either that, or I'm catching body number two
Pinky swear, you ain't scared when you heard Ye appear
I'ma hop up out the bushes, me and Pusha kill your man
I'm just saying now I start to get used to the pain
'Til one day I say, "Fuck it," brought my masseuse on the plane
Why you playing? Reaching the gang, losing hand
Where you stand?
"Where was J at? Where was them at? Where you done that? Where you live at? "
Another headline, "Where your head at? "
"Nigga, go home, where your kids at?"
They be on my nerve, they be on my nerve, mmm-mmm
When we lost Virg', I was on the verge, mmm-mmm
I just hit the Louis store, I had to splurge, mmm-mmm
We just made a silent movie with no words, mmm
Guess who topping now, uh, God got me now, uh
Guess who at Balenciaga, guess who shopping now, uh
They can't stop me now, uh, I been popping out, uh
Cardi, where yo' sister at? I need Henny now, mmm-mmm
I flew in and out, 150-thou', mmm-mmm
Now, even when they shout, gotta shout me out
So ahead, go ahead, mmm-mmm
Not even close, all of y'all is number two
Oof (oof), checks coming fast, I'm like swoosh (swoosh)
Ooh (ooh), give 'em to me straight, 100° proof (proof)
I thought I killed you hoes before, it must be déjà vu
It's either that, or I'm catching body number two

