Song Name: Who Else (feat. Unknown T)
In the club with my guys, better know it stay with us
Bad bitch still come to the nine even though it's dangerous
Who made the gunman beat? (Who else?)
Who make a bad bitch cheat? (Who else?)
And who made us tape that street? (Who else?)
Of course, it was done by me (listen)
If you chill with the opps, you get trapped with the opps
We don't fear around blocks, what's pop? (Mm)
Never phone for a tape, couple nines on the block, who makes the star nines get hot?
One shot, them gyal know we run the block
Pretty gyal gone back, now she wanna thug
Yuck, yuck, no shoes and socks
Same gyal love to ride with her knees on top
We're the reason a man pickin' up shells
Heard the nina got tipped by girls
Señorita, come twist and twirl
Bumper ting bruck off and make that twirl
Mix a sweet one with machines as well
Bring the G's in, they can eat as well
I told her, "Fall back" and made her feet curl
How she shake that arse and the grease so well?
I just bought a mansion, one-point-five
Look at my Richard, quarter milly
On my shooter, I spent chunks
Right-hand itchin', call it Filly
Cheffed man back before I done views
Cheffed on your own block? I'm confused
Rolex or the Richard, can't choose
In my Lambo', slap that on cruise
Break that, breath that, so unruly
When she shake that, all a movie
Pussy boy try say we ain't got guns
Our waps lookin' like Call of Duty
If you don't own property, you lost then
Cars and seven-bed crib, I got them
Got more money than the O, fuck them
Got more money than the whole of-
In the club with my guys, better know it stay with us (mm)
Bad bitch still come to the nine even though it's dangerous
Who made the gunman beat? (Who else?)
Who make a bad bitch cheat? (Who else?)
And who made us tape that street? (Who else?)
Of course, it was done by me (listen)
We're the reason a man tek back shells
Heard the nina got the tick back girls
Señorita, come and twist and twirl
Bumper ting bruck off and make that twirl
Made the ting back up, back up, go, girl
Boyfriend got bad up, bad up as well
Everything mad up, mad up, oh, well
Baby, calm down, girl, we don't kiss and tell (listen, never)
No face, no case, got a goon in the back of the club, better know what stays with us
Bajan cuties, my favourite
You hear that response, don't play with us
I got big 'eads girl in my DM's, so I ain't surprised they hate on us
Naija booty's my favourite
Man, I been a badman since Avrich
In the club with my guys, better know it stay with us
Bad bitch still come to the nine even though it's dangerous
Who made the gunman beat? (Who else?)
Who make a bad bitch cheat? (Who else?)
And who made us tape that street? (Who else?)
Of course, it was done by me (listen)
Mm, mmh

