Song Name: Real Muthaphuckkin' G's
Comp-ton
Comp-ton
Comp-ton
Ahh... real muthaphuckkin G's...
Ahh... real muthaphuckkin G's...
Ahh... real muthaphuckkin G's...
Ahh... real muthaphuckkin G's...
Hey Yo doctor, here's another proper track
And it's phat, watch the sniper, time to pay the piper
And let that real shit provoke, so you's a wanna be 'loc
And you'll get smoked and i hope that yer fans understand
When ya talk about sprayin me, the same records that ya
Makin' is payin me
Mothafuck Dre
Mothafuck Snoop
Mothafuck Death Row
Yo, and here comes me left blow
"Cause i'm the E-A-Z-Y-E, and this is the season
To let the Real mothafuckin G's in, ya like a kid ya
Found a pup and now yer dapper, but tell me where the
Fuck ya find an anorexic rapper
Talkin 'bout who you gone squabble with and who ya shoot
You're only 60 pounds when yer wet and wearin boots
Damn E, they tried to fade you on Dre Day
But Dre Day only met Eazy's pay day
All of a sudden Dr Dre is a G thang, but on his
Old album cover he was a she thang
So nigga please, nigga please don't step to deez
Mothafuckin' real G's
Stomp him in his track
Show him that i'm ruthless
Yo Dre, what's up? *bang*
Yo Dre, what's up? *bang*
Everyday it a new rapper, claimin to be dapper then
The Dresta, smoother then a bitch but portray the role of
Gangsta, ain't broke a law in ya life, yet every time you rap
Ye yap about the guns and knifes, just take a good look
Afta nigga, and you'll capture the fact, that the rasta is
Simply just an actor, who mastered the bang and the slang
And the Mental, of niggaz in Compton, Wattz, and South Central
Never ever once have you ran with the turf, but yet in every verse
Claim you used to do the dirt, but tell me who's a witness
To your fuckin work, see you never had no buiness, so
Save the drama jerk, niggaz straight kill me
Knowin that they pranksters, this is going out to
You studio gangsters, see i did dirt, put in work, and
Many niggaz can vouch that, so since i got stripes
I got the right to rap about that, but niggaz like you
I gotta hate ya, cuz i'm jus tired of suburbian niggaz talkin about
They come from projects
Knowin ya ain't seen no parts of the streets G
Think ya tryna bang around the time of the peace treaty
Wearin khackis and mob while ya ryhme, little fag
Tried to sag, but butcha floodin at the same time,
And ya set don't accecpt ya, scared to kick it witcha homies
Cause ya know they don't respect ya, so nigga please check
Nuts before ya step to deez, mothafuckin real G's
Well, its the Knock Out, definition orginal baby gangster
Approach me like you hard, mothafucka imma bank ya
Shank ya, with my fuckin shank, if i have ta
Dr Dre an Snoop Doggy Dogg are fuckin actors
Pranksters, studio gangsters, busters
But this time yer dealin with some real motherfuckers
G's, nigga please, don't try to step
Cuz if ya do, den a peeled cap is all that would be left
See, young niggaz like me, will break ya off somthin,
Claimin my city, but Dre you ain't from Compton
Niggaz like ya'll is what I call wanna be's and aint shit compared
To real motherfuckin' G's
Stomp him in his track
Show him that I'm ruthless
Yo Dre, What's up? (bang)
Yo Dre, what's up? (bang)
I never met an OG who neva did shit wrong
You tried to dis the Eazy-E so now nigga it's on you
And ya Doggy Dogg, think that yall hoggin shit
Both of you bitches, can come and suck my doggy dick
Beatin up a bitch don't make ya shit, but then again some niggaz
Think it makes a man, damn it's a trip
How a nigga could switch so quick from wearin lipstick
To smokin on Chronic at picnics, and now ya think yer bigger
But to me you ain't nothin but bitch ass niggas
Dat ain't worth a food stamp, and at
Deat Row, I hear yer gettin treated like boot camp
Gotta follow ya seargents directions, or get yo ass
Pumped with a Smith and Wesson, learn a lesson from the E
Stay in your place and don't step to real motherfuckin G's
Yo Dre, What's up? (bang)
Boy ya should have known by now
Yo Dre (what's up?) (Bang)
Boy ya should have known by now
Yo Dre (what's up?) (bang)
Boy ya should have known by now, Eazy duz it

