Song Name: One More Chance / Stay with Me - Remix; 2007 Remaster
Ooh
Uh, what?
That's right (that's right)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Bad Boy
Don't go, don't go, don't go (baby, don't go)
(What? Uh)
I love you so (one more chance) (uh, uh)
Lyrically I'm, uh
Biggie (uh), give me one more chance (check it out, uh)
Lyrically I'm, uh (give me one more chance)
One more chance (uh, uh, what? Uh)
Biggie, give me one more chance (Junior M.A.F.I.A.)
Uh, Junior M.A.F.I.A., uh (remix)
(Yeah)
First things first
I, Poppa, freaks all the honeys (uh-huh)
Dummies, playboy bunnies, those wantin' money (uh)
Those the ones I like 'cause they don't get Nathan
But penetration, unless it smells like sanitation
(Ohh, no, no, no, no)
Garbage, I turn like doorknobs
Heartthrob, never, black and ugly as ever
However, I stay Gucci down to the socks
Rings and watch filled with rocks (uh)
And my jam knock in the Mitsubishi (yeah)
Girls pee-pee when they see me (uh-uh)
Navajos creep me in they tepee (uh)
As I lay down laws like Alan Kopit (uh)
Stop it, if you think your gonna make a profit (oh, yeah)
Don't see my ones, don't see my guns, get it?
Now tell ya friends Poppa hit it then split it (uh)
In two, as I flow with the Junior M.A.F.I.A. (uh)
I don't know what the hell's stoppin' ya
I'm clockin' ya, Versace shade watchin' ya (don't go)
Once you grin, I'm in game, begin (don't go, don't go, uh)
First I talk about how I dresses this
In diamond necklaces (oh, baby, baby, yeah)
Stretch Lexuses (uh, woo)
The sex is just immaculate from the back I get
Deeper and deeper, help ya reach the (uh)
Climax that your man can't make
Call him, tell him you'll be home real late (come on, come on)
Now sing the break, uh
Baby, here I am
I got the good love, girl, ya didn't know? (Here I am)
All I need is one more chance
(One more chance)
I can help you find yourself (uh)
I got the good love, girl, ya didn't know? (Uh)
'Cause you don't need nobody else (uh, uh, uh)
(One more chance) (remix)
She's sick of that song, on how it's so long
Thought he worked his until I handled my biz
There I is (uh), Major Payne like Damon Wayans (uh-huh)
Low Down Dirty even like his brother Keenan (oh yeah)
Schemin' (uh)
Don't leave ya girl 'round me
True player for real, ask Puff Daddy (yeah)
You ringin' bells with bags from Chanel
Baby Benz, traded in your Hyundai Excel
(Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, uh)
Fully equipped, CD changer with the cell (don't go)
She beeped me, "Meet me at twelve" (don't go, don't go)
Where you at? Flippin' jobs, payin' car notes (yeah)
While I'm swimmin' in ya women like the breast stroke? (Uh-huh)
Right stroke, left stroke was the best stroke
Death stroke, tongue all down her throat (uh-huh)
Nothin' left to do but send her home to you
I'm through, can ya sing the song for me, boo? (Uh)
One more chance (One more chance)
Biggie, give me one more chance
I got the good love, girl, ya didn't know?
Give me one more chance (uh, uh)
(One more chance, oh yeah)
Biggie, give me one more chance (oh yeah)
I got the good love, girl, ya didn't know? (Uh, what?)
Ohh, yeah (one more chance)
So, what's it gonna be, him or me? (Uh)
We can cruise the world with pearls, gator boots for girls (uh-huh)
The envy of all women, crushed linen (oh yeah, yeah, yeah)
Cartier wrist-wear with diamonds in 'em (woo)
The finest women I love with a passion
Your man's a wimp, I give that ass a good thrashin' (yeah, yeah)
High fashion, flyin' into all states (uh)
Sexin' me while ya man masturbates (uh, uh)
Isn't this great? Your flight leaves at eight (don't go)
Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewind (don't go, don't go, uh)
Lyrically, I'm supposed to represent (ohh)
I'm not only the client, I'm the player president
One more chance
Biggie, give me one more chance
I got the good love, girl, ya didn't know?
(One more chance)
(One more chance)
Baby, here I am (yeah, yeah)
I got the good love, girl, ya didn't know?
(Biggie, give me one more chance)
All I need is one more chance (come on, come on)
(One more chance) ('95)
I can help you find yourself
I got the good love, girl, ya didn't know?
(Biggie, give me one more chance)
('Cause you don't need nobody else) oh, baby
(Bad Boy, Bad Boy)
Baby, here I am
I got the good love, girl, ya didn't know?
(Biggie, give me one more chance)
(East Coast)
All I need is one more chance (West Coast) (yeah, yeah)

