Song Name: Who Me (feat. Pooh Shiesty)
(This is a KTOE beat?)
Real Hot Girl Shit, hm, yeah, yeah
Meg who?
Bitch, I got my own money, beg who? (Beg who?)
Beg for what?
I can't remember the last time a nigga really made me nut (ah)
Dick too weak
If I don't cum three times back-to-back, then I can't sleep (I can't sleep)
He too cheap
Can't blow a $100K in one day? He ain't for me (nope)
Ayy, I feel like Biggie, who shot you? But everybody know who shot me, bitch (baow, baow, baow)
Now let's stop speakin' on that topic, look at this new shit on my wrist (look at my wrist)
Look at this AP, look at this Rollie (yeah)
Who is this bitch that's sayin' she know me? (Yeah, yeah)
He heard about me now he wanna fuck
Mrs. Quick to Make 'Em Nut, ah (ooh, ooh)
Swallow me, swallow me, swallow me, swallow me, eat it up, eat it up, freak, freak
Send a picture of this pussy, let him get a sneak peak (sneak peak)
Oh, if you a freak, freak, put this shit on repeat (yeah, repeat)
He say he gon' pop a Perc' and fuck me 'til my knees weak (blrrrd, ayy)
Before I pop mine, I'ma give you one too, show me you a real freak
I need a bitch gon' tote my AR, hide my guns, pills and weed for me
Backseat of this Jeep, you gotta ride, I hate some weak-ass knees
$30K on a vacation, need some head every time we hit the beach
She got French tips on her hand, but she keep pink polish up on her feet (on her feet)
Yeah, I knew she was locked in the day she poured a cup of Wock' with me (Wock')
As soon as I get mad, I break choppers out, need a bitch that's gon' dump for me
Gon' turn some hoes from Georgia out, now they talkin' like they from Tennessee
But you know Shiesty the one and only (blrrrd), no junior, you cannot mimic him (blrrrd)
If you see me, it's 'bout 375 shots, we can shoot a film (blrrrd, blrrrd)
Yeah, all that shit that pussy said gon' catch up, I can't wait to see him
I sent a bitch, I bet I get him, he too open, you know how it is (how it is)
Big-ass Backwood back-to-back, I ain't kill him, we roll up his limb
Everybody I don't like gotta get shot, I'd really hate to be 'em (blrrrd, blrrrd)
Oh, you must ain't heard 'bout Fox 13, they call police every time they see 'em
And fuck all the officers and detectives, they know what it is (fuck 'em, blrrrd, blrrrd)
Big Blrrrd, blrrrd, blrrrd, blrrrd, blrrrd, blrrrd

