Song Name: One of Us
Make up your mind, make up your mind (uh, yeah)
Look, make up your mind, baby
Rollie on my wrist sayin' I ain't got time, baby
Gotta shine, baby
Uh, I know they wishin' they was one of us (why?)
'Cause we livin' in a lap of lux (yeah)
Stuffing honeys in the trap, got 'em lappin' up (right)
I know I got my money right, so I'm actin' up (yeah)
What? I know they wishin' they was one of us (what?)
'Cause we livin' in a lap of lux (what, what)
Stuffing honeys in the trap, got 'em lappin' up (yeah)
I know I talk a lot of shit 'cause I can back it up, what (nigga, what)
Bitch, I'm the boss like Hugo
Pockets full of blue notes, walking industry loophole
Realest nigga that you know
Known around my city like that nigga Cuomo
Catch me in Bocacainni eatin' all the pluto
She need a nigga who gon' keep it low, won't let the crew know
Venus and Sagittarius, but I took her to Pluto
I got a gold soul, not that acapulco
She throw a dime, I knock it out the park like Albert Pujols
Goodfella, rockin' the Sky-Dweller (I don't care)
Got street dreams of bein' richer than a Rockefeller (yeah, now)
I tell her it's whatever, we can catch planes to dodge the bad weather
Alcantaras off in the Porsche until you feel this leather
And the Range Rover, kinda on the river
For the quick changeover, got an a.m. and a p.m. with
Only A-list R&B honeys who you see him with
Any rumors you heard about him, you should believe the shit
I pull up in the cleanest whip, Nike SBs in coordination with the GC3
Prezi' on the wrist look crisp, matchin' the Jesus piece
Face card way too legit, don't even need ID
Basketball wives on my dick, I give 'em tenacious D (balling)
From BK to the Bay, we run them numbers up
'Bout to lap you niggas again, they runnin' outta luck
Been on top of my game, niggas can't stunt on us
Me and June one in the same, fuckin' the summers up (right)
I know they wishin' they was one of us (what?)
'Cause we livin' in a lap of lux (yeah)
Stuffing honeys in the trap, got 'em lappin' up (yeah)
I know I got my money right, so I'm actin' up (yeah)
What? I know they wishin' they was one of us (what)
'Cause we livin' in a lap of lux (what, what)
Stuffing honeys in the trap, got 'em lappin' up (yeah)
I know I talk a lot of shit 'cause I can back it up
Nigga, this that go insane, nigga, kill mode
Pyrex in the kitchen, workin' two stoves, yeah
Emerged from the dirt, had to make a way
It was dark days, but now it's better ways
Used to wash cars, go to matinees
Now I'm pullin' out a hunnid just to go and play
I'm the type that let a bad bitch walk away
'Cause that ain't my main focus, I'm on bigger things
Might get her hair done, let her drive the Porsche (what else?)
Ten thousand in my sock and I'm rocking shorts
Uh, shoes up, I got my life in order
Slide through BK in a drop with Jody
I told baby I'm a different breed
Don't be chasing me, shit, should be chasing heat
In Philly with Wallo eatin' a Philly cheese
We livin' that life niggas would not believe
I know they wishin' they was one of us
'Cause we livin' in a lap of lux
Stuffing honeys in the trap, got 'em lappin' up
I know I got my money right, so I'm actin' up (yeah)
What? I know they wishin' they was one of us (what)
'Cause we livin' in a lap of lux (what, what)
Stuffing honeys in the trap, got 'em lappin' up
I know I talk a lot of shit 'cause I can back it up, nigga, what
Yo, what up?
You seen get my text?
Who is this?
You don't know me
I just was, I just on my girl's phone and I saw that she had you saved as "Rapper"
And I recognize it's like a New York number, the fuck?
Are you Joey?
It is I, yeah, it's me
I'm seriously considering proposing to this girl this weekend
Bought a ring, took the whole '99, everything
So, what you asking me, bro?

