Song Name: You Stay (feat. Meek Mill, J Balvin, Lil Baby & Jeremih)
Sabes bien que fue un engaño
Lo que me hiciste fue un pecado
Así mismo me engañaste
Y lloras hoy porque fallaste
¿Cómo tratas de buscarme?
Después que tú me traicionaste
Ahora que tengo alejarme
Busqué la forma de olvidarte
(Ayy, come here, man, haha)
Ooh
(Señorita, she is beautiful, no)
We The Best Music (Oh-nah-nah)
Sabes bien que fue un engaño (Oh-nah-nah)
Lo que me hiciste fue un pecado (Another one)
Así mismo me engañaste (DJ Khaled)
Why, oh why? You stay, you stay
And cry every night, you stay, you stay
I don't know why, oh why, you stay, you stay, oh
I think you too loyal, you stay, you stay
Uh, I don't know how you do it, but you did it, I'll admit it
And who am I to be a critic and tell you different?
You know I never speak on that nigga, it's not my business
But I could tell you that his level's no competition
And I'm optimistic that I'm 'bout to hit it
And um, I can tell you've been crying in Honda Civics
Because I caught you slipping, left you no choice
You ever cry again, it's gon' be in a Rolls Royce
I wipe your face with them new hundreds to make your tears dry
Hitting it on a jet, this ain't no red eye
Got you chasing dreams, and it ain't even bedtime
And don't you dare bring up your ex 'cause he a dead guy
I wonder
Why, oh why? (Oh why?)
Do you ride, do you stick by his side
If he makes you cry every night?
Girl, I see the pain in your eyes
I don't know why, oh why, you stay, you stay, oh
You stay, you stay
You stay, tell me why you
I think you're too loyal
I think you do too much for someone who don't do shit for you, girl
And that's real
That ain't the way love supposed to feel
But you say he's the one for you
Then complain how he don't show you
But you ain't gotta take that
Baby, you can't take that
Hit the gym and get your shape back, oh
Fuck that nigga
Don't understand why you still trust that nigga (Work)
With your mind and your heart and your soul (Let's go)
For your goals, in control, you let it go (Work)
I just want to see you happy
I just want to see you laughing
I just want to see you smiling
I can tell you need somebody who really about you
Who gon' see about you
'Cause it's been a while, so baby
Why, oh why? (Oh why?)
Do you ride, do you stick by his side
If he makes you cry every night?
Girl, I see the pain in your eyes
I don't know why, oh why, you stay, you stay, oh
You stay, you stay
I think you too loyal
You give him chance after chance
'Cause you say maybe one day he'll grow up and be a man
And lately you been pouring out your heart on the 'Gram
But you been playing your part from the start, I understand
I put carats on your hand
But see I'm one of them bad guys
And I can't guarantee the world
But I promise you'll be better than last time
As long as you're loyal
You got a plan, I'll do more than spoil
I'll be there to support you
Drop top in the wintertime, whatever just to see you smile
Private jet from time to time, by the ocean, I'll drive you wild
Whatever your decision, I'm with it, no asking why
I catch you slipping at all, you gon' be mine (J Balvin, men; ¡wuh!)
Ma', la verdad es un orgullo tenerte a mi lado
Cuando tus ojos brillan, veo la luz son los que me fascinan
No hay quien te gane
You stay, you stay, oh
You stay, you stay, oh, you stay
Tell me why you (Another one)
Ma', la verdad es un orgullo tenerte a mi lado
Cuando tus ojos brillan, veo la luz son los que me fascinan
No hay quien te gane
You stay, you stay, oh
You stay, you stay, oh
Think you're too loyal

