Song Name: Roadrunner
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6
Roadrunner, roadrunner
Going faster miles an hour
Gonna drive past the Stop & Shop
With the radio on
I'm in love with the modern road
Massachusetts, when it's late at night
And the neon when it's cold outside
I got the radio on
Just like the road going around the highway
I walked past the Stop and Shop
Then I drove past the Stop and Shop
I like that much better than walking by the Stop and Shop
'Cause I had the radio on
I felt in touch with the modern world
I felt in love with the modern world
I felt in love with Mattapan and Roslindale
'Cause I had the radio on
I felt like the road runner
With the radio on
Now, I said, "hello" to the spirit of old 1956
It was patient in the bushes next to '57
Well, the highway was my only girlfriend, 'cause, I went by so quickly
And suburban trees were out there and consequently it smelled like heaven
So I say, "roadrunner once, roadrunner twice"
Were in love with this feeling now and we'll be out all night
All right, now we can tell them about our love, you men, radio on
I got the AM (radio on!)
I got the power, I feel the feeling now (radio on!)
I feel the feeling and it's feeling alright now (radio on!)
And I feel in touch with the modern world
OK let's go down route 128
Oh Yeah
Can you feel it out in Needham now?
Out in route 128 by the power lines
It's so exciting there at night
With the pine trees in the dark
It's so cold here in the dark
With the fifty thousand watts of power
We go by faster miles an hour
With the radio on
Road runner, road runner (radio on!)
Goin faster, miles an hour
I'm gonna drive past the Stop and Shop
With the radio on
See, I'm in love with the modern world
Massachusetts when it's late at night
And the neon when it's cold outside
You see, I have the radio on
Like the road runner
Now what do you think about that guys? (radio on!)
Good! we got the AM (radio on!)
I think we got the power, got the magic now (radio on!)
We got the feeling of the modern world (radio on!)
We got the feeling of the modern sound (radio on!)
The sound of the modern radio feeling when it's late at night (radio on!)
Got the sound of the modern loneliness when it's cold outside (radio on!)
Got the sound of Massachusetts when it's blue and white (radio on!)
Got route 128 on a dark and lonely night (radio on!)
I feel alone and cold and lonely (radio on!)
I feel alone in the cold neon (radio on!)
I feel alive, I feel the love, I feel alive, I feel the rocking (radio on!)
Feel the love, I feel the love, rocking
Modern sound, I feel the rocking
Modern neon, modern sound, modern mouth in town
Modern sound, modern neon, modern mouth around
I feel alone and cold, roll out the project, roll out, hold on, very nice
Don't let her go home
Go home now, yes (radio on!)
Oh yes, don't let her go home, here we go
We gonna drive 'em home, you guys
Here we go
That's right
Lets go
Bye-bye!
