Song Name: Shmoney (feat. Quavo & Rowdy Rebel)
(Tay Keith, fuck these niggas up)
Big shmurda on the set, nigga (gang)
Quit playing, Shmurda run that bitch
I touched down, my nigga Qua' came
Picked me up with a bunch of hoes on the jet (hah? Yeah)
Touched down, nigga, Rowdy threw 60 on the neck
I'm talking shmoney, bitch
I'm fresh all to the...
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney (woo)
Bitch, I made some brand new
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney
Bitch, I'm fresh all to the...
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney (huh?)
I just made some brand new
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney (woo, woo, uh)
Huh? Back all in my bag (bag)
Man, that bitch real fast (fast)
Left her in my past, I did 220 on this dash
Caught him snitching, he ain't last (brrt)
Up that choppa, let it blast
Finger fuck that bitch real fast
New extendos, brand-new mags
Bitch, I'm fresh all getting this shmoney (shmoney)
I can sit up on my ass, I ain't no dummy (dummy)
So please don't talk to me if it ain't 'bout no-
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney (woo)
Heard they let some shots off your gang, start running (running)
Lil' bro want some shmoney (shmoney)
Spin that block, keep dumping (spin)
Brand new choppa with a tommy (rah)
Hooked on a stick like funnies (stick)
Brand-new strap, it ain't rented (nah)
Lil' bitch pop this pussy for some shmoney (pussy)
Had to put my wrist inside the bowl and scrape some shmoney (shmoney)
They told me Rowdy was coming home
I put him up some money (I did)
Shmigo bitch, we back on the throne
Ready to fuck up some shmoney
I'm fresh all to the...
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney (woo)
Bitch, I made some brand new
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney
(Bitch, I'm fresh all to the...)
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney (huh?)
I just made some brand new
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney
Yo lil' bitch, she thick (she thick)
But my lil' bitch, she badder (she bad)
That lil' bitch a ten, but I already hit it though
Look, I already slipped it though, look, I already bent it though
Your bitch finna snitch
My bitch tote that hammer
My bitch go bananas (bananas)
My lil' bitch don't have none
My bitch 'bout that work (work)
Don't go broke like Hammer
Gotta keep the shh, shh (brrt)
Too legit to jam up (hah)
Fresh up out the bricks, fresh up out the slammer, bitch
I'm fresh up out Atlanta, bitch, big 300 bitch
My neighbors think I'm selling bricks, my nephew think I'm Santa
My bitch, she on them Percocets, her sister's on the Fanta
Her daddy keep a 30 stick, I'm litter than a candle
Aye lil' bitch, a'ight, so if it ain't about that shmoney, make it quick
'Cause my niggas said he hungry on that "shhh"
I got a hundred fifty wrapped around my wrist (ayy)
And I just wrapped another quarter around my neck
I'm fresh all to the...
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney (woo)
Bitch, I made some brand new
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney
Bitch, I'm fresh all to the...
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney (huh?)
I just made some brand new
Shmoney, shmoney, shmoney
Big Shmigo gang shit nigga, you know it when you see us out nigga
Fuck you talking about?
Half a million on the neck, nigga
Quarter set on the fingers, nigga
We ain't even get started on the wrist nigga, don't even get me started nigga
Shmigo
Shmurda

