Song Name: GAS!
Shaboozey, for real (Yeah)
Foot on the gas right
(?)
Are we goin' too fast?
Tell me, what a "slow" is? (Tell me, what a "slow" is?)
Got my foot on gas
Can't look back, road is callin' (Road is callin')
Back when I ain't have cash
She ain't even look, now she notice (Now she notice)
But I can't fold on my partners, not on foenem, oh yeah (Yeah, bitch)
Came from nada
What I wouldn't do for a dollar (Do for a dollar)
Now it's Hakuna Matata (Yeah-yeah, yeah)
I got her straight outta Prada (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I took lil' baby down by the water (Yeah)
Pockets full of foundin' fathers
Last year was eatin' Bush beans
Now we havin' Pinot and pasta
Still dreaded like a Rasta (Yeah-yeah, yeah)
I whip the Chevy like a Mazda
Walk in the spot, they like "Who he?"
Wrangler on me, this ain't Gucci
Back when I ain't have it
I was in the TJ Maxx baggin' (In the TJ Maxx, ayy)
Started callin' me daddy
In the booth, yeah, Booze do magic
Are we goin' too fast?
Tell me, what a "slow" is? (Tell me, what a "slow" is?)
Got my foot on gas
Can't look back, road is callin' (Road is callin', road is callin')
Back when I ain't have cash
She ain't even look, now she notice (Now she notice)
But I can't fold on my partners, not on foenem (No-no, not on foenem)
Big body, yeah, we built for the rain (Oh yeah, we built for it)
Ayy, took a shot of Jack, can't feel my face (Don't know how I'm gettin' home)
Bubba Wallace, they don't want me to race
Ayy, to get a win I'ma do what it takes
Stop holdin' onto me, what you want from me?
How we go from lovers to mortal enemies?
I don't understand, you told me you'd tell me everything
This wasn't love it was disaster and we were the recipe
Are we goin' too fast?
Tell me, what a "slow" is? (Tell me, what a "slow" is?)
Got my foot on gas
Can't look back, road is callin' (Road is callin', road is calllin')
Back when I ain't have cash
She ain't even look, now she notice (Now she notice)
But I can't fold on my partners, not on foenem (I can never, not on foenem)
Yeah
Road is callin', road is calllin'
