Song Name: Dogs
You got to be crazy, gotta have a real need, got to sleep on your toes, and when you're on the street, got to be able to pick out the easy meat with your eyes closed
Then moving in silently down wind and out of sight, you got to strike when the moment is right, without thinking
And after a while, you can work on points for style, like the club tie and a firm handshake, a certain look in the eye and an easy smile
You have to be trusted by the people that you lie to, so that when they turn their backs on you, you'll get the chance to put the knife in
You gotta keep one eye looking over your shoulder
You know it's gonna get harder, harder and harder as you get older
Yeah, and in the end, you'll pack up and fly down south, hide your head in the sand, just another sad old man, all alone and dying of cancer, and when you lose control, you'll reap the harvest you have sown, and as the fear grows, the bad blood slows and turns to stone, and it's too late to loose the weight you used to need to throw around, so have a good drown as you go down all alone, dragged down by the stone
Gotta admit that I'm a little bit confused
Sometimes it seems to me as if I'm just being used
Gotta stay awake gotta try and shake off this creeping malaise
If I don't stand my own ground, how can I find my way out of this maze?
Deaf, dumb and blind, you just keep on pretending that everyone's expendable and no one has a real friend, and it seems to you the thing to do would be to isolate the winner, and everything's done under the sun and you believe at heart everyone's a killer
Who was born in a house full of pain?
Who was trained not to spit in the fan?
Who was told what to do by the man?
Who was broken by trained personel?
Who was fitted with colar and chain?
Who was given a pat on the back?
Who was breaking away from the pack?
Who was only a stranger at home?
Who was ground down in the end?
Who was found dead on the phone?
Who was dragged down by the stone?
Who was dragged down by the stone?
